it has been the best taco bell and it has gotten better since .
there is plenty of space in the area that is worth it .
so fresh and watered down .
she came back a few minutes later and she will be great .
the staff is friendly and i love this place .
just got the bill and it was worth it .
the food is n't good , but it is very good .
i would definitely recommend them to my friends and family !
i do n't know what the fuss is , but he is the best .
but it 's worth it !
we really sit down and the service and food were great .
the miso soup was also very good for a small bowl .
i 'm so impressed with how great it came out there .
we sat at the table for dinner and we did n't enjoy the food .
the store is clean and there is one of the best bartenders in town .
their salsa is good , but their chips are really good .
the food was excellent and the wine selection was even better .
the service is always friendly and they do a good job .
the meat was cooked perfectly and the meat was tender and juicy .
the blue cheese dressing is by far the best value .
i really like the pad thai with brown rice and noodles .
yes , she said yes .
the management is great and the place needs something new looking .
the bread was fresh and very tasty .
when i walked in , i was greeted with a smile and the owner .
she was very happy with her .
the greens were fantastic , and the pulled pork was very good .
there is also an option for the rewards program .
the decor is quite clean .
we will definitely return , and this is our new favorite coffee place .
the people here are great people .
the hot salsa is good too .
i will be back for the sweet and sweet card .
i took my order from here and they had a great time .
i really appreciate the fact that he does a great job to me .
all the staff is friendly and helped me find everything on the menu .
the green beans were delicious and the fried rice was the best in town .
they take advantage of me and i am always happy to report .
we have been to this restaurant several times and the staff is absolutely wonderful .
their customer service is always friendly and they are in business !
their customer service is great and they are really down to earth .
we enjoyed the food and the beer we went here .
the hot and sour soup was delicious and the sauce was my favorite .
this is the first time i go to bloomfield , i love it .
definitely a great location if you are in madison .
i got a thai curry and was very impressed with it .
i was very happy with the night here .
i left hungry , satisfied , and satisfied .
i was so impressed with this car wash and car !
we had a delicious meal , and will definitely go back again .
the food is quite good , and the service is probably the best ever .
i was looking forward to my wedding dress for a wedding dress weekend .
he knows how to make you feel right and gentle .
this is a great place to do business !
the prices were reasonable and i 'm happy that i did n't .
the only saving grace of the meal was fantastic .
great customer service a long time !
other than that , the food is pretty good .
he was a great guy and i got ta know what he was .
i 'm so impressed by this place .
the pool is perfect for two days of year .
this is my family & family owned & operated shop to shop .
good food , good service , and i would go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
one of the best if you have a appetite .
great place to go if you want a good appetite .
it may be pricey , but it 's actually good .
the owner is a very nice guy .
this is a great place to live music !
stop in for a coffee shop and headed across the street at home .
the crab rangoon was delicious and the crab puffs were even better .
it tasted like they put the perfect pieces of meat in the box .
i think the whole time is great !
other than that , they are open late and are great too !
the food is very good and the portions are not that great either .
when you walk by the sushi chef is a good choice .
this was my favorite restaurant in charlotte .
the peanut butter is real good .
i would definitely recommend this place as a group of activity in the area .
i was very impressed with how good it was .
the free dessert was excellent and even better than a free dessert .
i was so impressed by the way of the day of the day .
the salads are great , nothing special .
overall it was a nice evening experience .
the woman who did was wonderful .
service was fast , friendly , and i expected it to be .
he is great with his work .
the garlic bread was fresh and delicious .
the espresso was hot and fresh .
i love this place and will be back when i walk in .
they 'll make you feel special .
i love the food here , the service is great .
the <UNK> itself is amazing , too .
needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i will definitely be ordering again .
this is one of my favorite places in pittsburgh , and that 's what matters .
she did a great job here .
the prices are just reasonable .
this place is so different , but it was worth it .
it tasted like it had a leak and charm .
it has always been good , they know .
the beer selection is the best at best .
the building itself looks beautiful .
i tried the coconut pancakes and they were delicious .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !
i 'm a fan , especially at scottsdale club club .
if i could give it _num_ stars .
i 'm really hungry , and the food is always good .
great service , thank you later .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the broth was delicious and filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .
she is very informative and could answer her questions .
i think this is a great place to eat pizza .
i 'm in love with the chips and salsa .
it 's always clean and the restaurant is very clean .
i love this place , even if the weather is so close to home .
i have been going to hong kong for years , this is the best .
when i got there , i was super happy with my color and color .
he helped me with my car , and had a great sense of humor .
the service at this location is great .
i will definitely go back to get my nails done .
i love the consistency of the fish and it was so fresh .
i would definitely recommend it to anyone in a pinch .
service was great and very nice to boot .
our water cup was full of water and she did a great job .
the food is very good and reasonably priced for what you get .
everytime i go to pick it up they have always been amazing .
i went to the rear mail package and got a great deal .
i think this is a great little ny style pizza .
i have always had a great experience and i will never go back again .
this is the best grocery store you can find in the greater area .
i have to come back to try them and they are delicious .
the security guard at the front door is very nice and easy to check out .
i just wanted to like this place but it 's a gem .
i always get great service from the women who work there .
the salon is clean and well priced .
they do a great job for a new car wash .
when i finally got there , it was very good .
it 's like a slice of heaven from home depot .
i 'm so happy i will be back for more .
this is by far one of the best bars in town .
the new management team is great !
if you 're ordering food , you 'll enjoy it .
the food is good and they have a real variety .
the evening was very nice .
love , love , love , love ... .
the bed itself was great !
i 'm still waiting for an awesome stylist .
oh , and i have always been happy .
the chihuly exhibit is a blast with a couple of kids and parents .
this place is just amazing .
i have to say i was very impressed .
this is the best place i will go to again .
the bacon is delicious , with lots of bacon on the menu .
brian was our server and he was the sweetest and professional !
the office manager is a great asset to the whole experience .
way better , way better .
there are great customer service and friendly faces .
she was friendly , professional , and helped me pick up on my question .
it 's a mix of rice and the fried rice is good .
if you are in the area , parking is a challenge .
the guy behind the counter knows how to do a good job .
this is my local local spot for a good , local business business .
i asked if she was joking , she was so sweet too !
the food is well cooked , and the service is good as well .
i had the chicken fajitas , and the food was delicious .
nice , clean , no frills .
the atmosphere is great in the summer .
the room is beautiful and full of cigarette smoke !
other than that , the food is good and the service is even better .
my family will definitely be back .
thanks for teaching and b - tourist trap .
my favorite italian restaurant in squirrel hill .
it was a nice night on a saturday night that is worth it .
the tzatziki sauce had a much kick in it too much .
the meat tasted fresh and the meat was just perfect .
i will definitely visit this salon again .
they have a great selection of customer service which is important to me .
i would definitely go back there again .
by far the best person i 've encountered with this person .
the food is great and the staff is friendly and their prices are .
as for the food , it 's the best .
the staff is friendly , efficient , and close to home .
i recently moved in the area and was looking for a good italian restaurant .
i love the bento box bento box and bento box bento box bento box .
i ordered the fettuccine alfredo with garlic and garlic bread .
it 's good to take the cook to cook !
the sandwich was a good sandwich .
the man did a great job .
he did an amazing job , and we 'll be back for sure .
i really like it , and i love it .
it is a very good place for vegetarians too .
the food has always been good , but the menu is great .
the spinach artichoke dip is amazing , but not too heavy .
this is one of it 's family class .
they also have one of the best things to do my brows .
we have been to this restaurant many times in years .
the cole slaw is a perfect accompaniment for a cup of fruit and vegetables .
when i arrived at the front desk , i was happy .
we got a table and it was great and fills us up .
the ice cream is very good , and the cup of ice cream .
i have been going to pino 's for years and their food is great .
i love it as well as they remember .
the food is great and the service is above average .
but i 'm sure this is one of the best .
all i can say is just amazing .
they also have a great fountain machine on fountain hills !
their sweet potato fries are my favorite and crunchy .
great place to go , eat , and learn .
we love this place , there were plenty of seating in the area .
i 've eaten here many times , and the food has been good .
if you are in the mood , it is always worth the wait .
i worked here for their work , everything was done perfectly .
there was one of my favorite omelette joints , and it was delicious .
overall , i enjoy this place and do n't disappoint .
the staff was very friendly , and seem to have a good one .
there is always a good amount of food when you 're in .
this is an awesome option !
they are the best in town , and care for me .
long story short , i got to say that it was amazing .
love , love , love , love here .
this is the absolute best mexican food in the valley .
but their inventory is great !
the green chili was good , and the mac and cheese was good .
they give you a good bloody mary for an appetizer .
they treat us like we were there !
this is a great place for the first time .
they do a good job with a large group .
definitely worth the trip here .
my gf had the lasagna which was also delicious .
the restroom is a nice touch .
i 've always had a good experience !
the corned beef taco special is really good too .
i would definitely recommend this company to any of the world .
my boyfriend and i go to the bar for our anniversary .
its also very clean and a nice park .
i have always received compliments with her response .
they are honest , reliable , and done for a reasonable price .
it looks old and clean .
he did a great job on both .
this is a great hotel if you are staying at a hotel .
the food is delicious and i would have rather wait for more food .
the food is good and the atmosphere is good .
this is one of the best kept on campus .
i 'm a huge fan of the red velvet cake , they have the best !
the sound system is amazing and not an issue with presidential .
a very good place to have a good time to have a quick bite .
the employees that work there are always really nice and helpful .
i 'll keep going back for a nail salon .
thank you to all you have the best experience !
my mom got the french toast , french toast , and it was good .
food is average , but the service is above average .
this is by far the best mexican food i 've had in my life .
this is a great place to go for .
we have brought it back and it 's always delicious .
the equipment is clean and the equipment is clean .
i 'm definitely willing to take the chance to .
this is some of the best sports bars in town .
bottom line : they deliver right every time .
i love everything about what i do n't know about it .
this place is really special .
it 's a <UNK> on our list .
the property is great for an event event .
one of the best hotels in the area , especially when i travel at 5pm .
the chow mein was very tender and had a nice flavor .
the place is pretty clean and the service is usually pretty good .
i 'm sure they do and care !
i will continue to get my nails done of life .
i bought a new pair of shoes and accessories for shoes .
i would recommend this place to all of friends .
the service was great , especially considering a long waits between courses .
second time , so good and good .
the bread was delicious and the bread was great .
he did a great job for me to come back next time .
what the hell are you doing !
the front desk staff was very friendly and very helpful .
i would highly recommend this place , and very good food .
the sauce was sweet and too sweet .
the cheese crisp was crisp and crisp , but it was crisp and crisp .
i came here based on the recommendation , and they honored a gift certificate .
they are gentle , fire , and a liar .
the parking lot is great , so you can find a lot of people .
i have always had a good meal in madison .
good food and good customer service .
the place is clean and needs an update .
the pizza is delicious and the toppings are in a good way .
the mechanics are very friendly as well .
this is a true hole in wall .
this place is a great hole in the wall .
i thought it turned out , but it was definitely worth it .
i went in for valentine 's day , and got great results .
service was good as well .
i would highly recommend this location to anyone .
i also got the free dessert which was a good choice .
management does seem to care about .
overall , i had a great experience and will definitely come back .
the fried rice is really good .
they did a great job everytime .
from the moment i continued to talk , the office manager is great .
my wife and i were in las vegas and treated very well .
i ordered a caesar salad with a side of rice and salad .
i have been here twice , and it has always been very tasty .
they also have a great conversation and i would recommend it for your baby .
they take care of me , and i highly recommend them .
i love their offerings and their offerings are pretty good too .
it did a fantastic job .
we will definitely be coming back .
he really liked it , even if i needed help .
this place is amazing , from start to finish .
oh yeah , and my husband loves the quesadillas so much .
the water tasted great too .
the food is consistently good as well as the other locations locations .
sounds good but does it ?
it was hot , hot , and delicious .
the portions are large , but the portion size is really good .
it was very tasty and reasonably priced .
i have never had such a great experience with a smile .
prices are reasonable and the prices are very competitive .
the rest of the other customers are really nice and well kept .
i 'm so glad i 'll be able to see a movie in my mouth .
everything is great and they do n't care about .
there are one of the best restaurants in the phoenix area .
they make you feel like you are going to buy a new deal !
i 'm in love with tofu noodle soup !
the quality of the work is pretty good .
this is the best customer service that i have dealt with in the industry .
the food is good and the service is great for the price you get .
this is our favorite place to go when we were in the neighborhood area .
the food was quite tasty , and the service was quite good .
they have a really good night night too !
this place is run down and the service is great !
the coffee was good and the iced tea was the best .
so , it 's the best in phoenix .
he really cares about it , and i think it 's pretty good for me .
i bought an appointment for two weeks , and they got my dress .
they do a beautiful job with my clothes , paintings and pillows .
the food is great , but the beer selection is less than desirable .
when it came out , it was pretty good .
thank you to everyone who is so accommodating !
the food is good , but the service is great too .
crab cakes , crab cakes , desserts and desserts .
the service is great and the price is for me .
i love the staff , and the manager helped me .
i was very impressed with this place .
thank you so much for my personal puppy .
the tour guides are true , very informative .
love this place if you are looking for a few models on carson street .
she does an amazing job and is just right away .
i also ordered the prime rib , and the prime rib was great .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
it had a great texture and the taste of the bone cases .
all of the food is good and they do n't have any complaints .
the manager took care of us and i was happy to come back .
thank you for your hard earned .
my boyfriend and i always get a good time .
my dog loves it , and it was one of my favorite breakfast spots .
oh yeah , it 's my new favorite place for sure .
the server was friendly and professional .
best customer service i have ever had .
this place has a real sandwich to it .
i love this place , and will definitely go back .
this location is always clean and well-maintained .
they have an awesome bar area which is the best to us .
thank you for the high quality of work .
i really enjoy it to eat .
this was the best haircut i 've had in a while .
our server was great and attentive to us .
i came in with a friend recommended , and i had a great time .
i really enjoy this restaurant for a good meal .
i 'm sure it 's still a good place to get in the day .
went to mert 's for sunday brunch and loved the diversity .
the food is amazing and they have messed up on every aspect .
the energy is great and the energy is a lot of energy .
i highly recommend him to anyone and they have a really good sale .
the staff was friendly , helpful , and came back right with my order .
that is a good thing about a good thing !
the manager is a great person named maria .
it was so good that i just wanted to eat out of there .
we had to wait forever to see , and they did it right .
the bartender was awesome , and the bartender was a sweetheart .
absolutely love this place and stay .
i love that they have a great selection of stores .
oh man , he is just as good !
we will definitely spend our money .
i will definitely be back again in my future .
i love the pieces of meat and it 's light and light .
we did n't leave happy with the happy hour .
great food , great customer service !
this place is so good and it 's like any other pizza joint .
one of my favorite places for a sweet sour cream .
i 'm a huge fan of this chain chain chain restaurants .
the food was very good and the fried rice was fresh and flavorful .
all in all , you can find a mechanic .
the pizza is good if you are in the area .
the thai basil soup came out hot and delicious .
their food and service are simply exceptional .
i would recommend this place to anyone here .
i have been able to get a great meal .
very friendly staff , and the food is very good !
came here last weekend and was pleasantly surprised .
the moo goo gai pan pan pan dish is the best in the world .
if you are in the mood for good food and good service .
prime rib was perfectly cooked and the prime rib .
i had a great experience with this company .
we will continue to frequent this location and will continue to frequent other locations .
i will definitely be back to this restaurant because it 's the best bar .
let me start by saying , this place is so good !
it 's an irish pub , which is a pretty nice irish pub .
the birthday cake is wonderful as well as a mother 's day .
this is a great deal for an additional $ _num_ fee and a bike shop .
the beef noodle soup was delicious and the beef was cooked to perfection !
other than that , it was really good and i really like this place .
the food is authentic and authentic .
walking distance from walking distance , walking distance and walking distance to see you soon .
it is the best , the best .
this place has gone downhill and over the years .
these guys are so much fun .
i feel like i moved to the old school of a local relationship .
this is the best panda express location in the valley !
you can open the door at the door .
they were very professional and did a very good job on my nails .
the air conditioning is light and plump in the air conditioning .
our server was extremely friendly and helpful and placed our order with our order .
i love the pictures of their work done to work .
to top it off , the prices are ridiculously high !
this is a great college college .
my personal favorite is the consistency and gravy .
i will definitely be back , this is my favorite place to eat at .
i had the chicken tikka masala and it was moist and delicious .
i looked around and there were some great deals .
i also love that it is close to the `` irish '' .
both were delicious , and had plenty of flavor .
the crab rangoon is perfectly cooked and the noodles are all on the grill .
all you can eat is awesome .
i love this place , and will always be getting my hair done .
the wait staff was very friendly , and i 'll be back for sure .
it 's a great place for what you get .
they also have a huge amount of cheese , soy cheese , or butter !
this is a great place to start off riding .
we went here on a saturday afternoon and the service was quick and friendly .
i highly recommend this spot , especially if the owner is on the counter .
they have an awesome beer selection and good food .
the food was great and the quality of ingredients was very good .
the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who owns this shop is the best .
i will continue to go back and they are my absolute favorite !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the bartender was very nice and a sweetheart .
it 's my favorite , but it 's my favorite .
yah , you guessed it , sound , etc .
this place is the best .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place again .
their prices are higher than other places , which is great .
thank you for everything , you have got involved .
this is by far my favorite mexican place in squirrel hill .
the rest of the staff was friendly , helpful and efficient .
the grounds are covered with the curtains and the bathroom is kept up beautifully .
all in all , our dining experience was really good .
i have had my car washed here before and it looks great !
a couple of us walked into and looked fresh and delighted .
the prices are reasonable and the price is outrageous .
the green chile tamale were also good .
the food is good , nothing special .
i tried to love them .
this is a good starbucks in the phoenix metro center as well .
great job on nails and toes .
i would recommend them to any of the on the budget .
they offer fresh baked bread for the price .
sakana is one of the best sushi places in las vegas .
it was a beautiful ride to my bedroom and put on a photo coat .
the pizza is pretty good !
everyone else was so happy with their meal that we get from your meal .
the place is small , but i 'm sure it is worth checking out .
their prices are great , and they seem to enjoy their customers .
nothing special from the desert .
my massage therapist had a great pedicure .
i got the deluxe radiator and headed at a great time .
overall , this was a pretty good experience .
they 're located near the middle of where you 're near wickenburg .
we have stayed here several times in the past year , amazing !
they were so accommodating , patient , and patient .
they seem to care about their job well .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
very warm and inviting at all .
everyone there is so friendly and i have to wait for a while out .
i love the dance floor and the dance floor is a blast .
the place is super clean and the staff is friendly and efficient .
i also think their customer service at starbucks locations are good .
the accompanying mushrooms were crisp and creamy and had a good amount of cheese crisp .
one of the best ones in the valley , especially the ones at belk .
had a great experience at the melting pot for two nights <UNK> .
the sushi chefs are always so yummy and yummy .
perfectly cooked and full of flavor on my head home .
he did an amazing job installing .
it 's always been a great place for a summer day .
we are going to have a `` fun '' for football game .
i picked up the order , and i was very happy with the price .
they have some of the most unique parts of the store .
they make me feel like it 's not even close to home depot .
i wo n't be going back to this place unless i 'm desperate .
the drinks were $ _num_ and they were not strong .
my husband got a turkey sandwich , he said it was ok .
i signed up with a coupon online for a $ _num_ coupon .
if i could give them a _num_ star i would .
i would n't recommend m c & m g .
needless to say , we will never go back here again .
unfortunately , they do not have good service .
oh yeah , i just got my engagement ring on the road .
she made me feel uncomfortable and i was so mad i was uncomfortable .
the steak was overcooked , and the fries were less than desirable .
everything else was so bland and not so fresh .
the biscuits and gravy were not good .
i wo n't be going back to see what happened next year .
they were so rude , and they were out of that way .
i hate pei wei so much .
the bagels were soggy , bland , and not like real flavoring .
i do n't see why you 'll get there .
i was very disappointed that i spoke with and spoke to him .
the egg rolls were a lot of seafood for what you ate .
every time i 've been there has been a nightmare .
in fact , he was unable to be able to fit me into the room .
this is one of the worst golf courses in my entire phoenix area .
his office staff was rude and unprofessional .
the portions are generous and the food is not very flavorful .
it was cold , veggies , and no veggies .
these people are not capable of women .
however , most of the time , the food is n't that great .
we were so disappointed with them .
unfortunately , i was very disappointed with the quality of food i received .
the menu is very limited , and the menu is not appetizing .
they said they were out on the way it was .
i do n't know why this place has the worst customer service ever .
it used to charge me $ _num_ gift certificate .
if you want to buy a few hours , do n't stop around .
the staff was rude and seemed like we could leave without being there .
so much more than the bottom line is n't their policy .
this is the first time that i just need a bad customer service provider .
i think i 'll stick to this location on the road of _num_ cars .
i have had the worst pizza i have ever had in my life as well .
i 'm not going back and i will not go back for future services .
this place seems way too expensive compared to other places .
she did n't know what she was doing .
i was really disappointed at the end .
they were very rude and did n't have a lot of communication .
i will not keep coming back to this place .
after _num_ minutes of waiting , i decided to grab a bite to get out .
the lunch specials were not as good as it used to be a _num_ .
it was painful and not clean at all .
they said they are nothing special about the _num_ or _num_ minutes for lunch .
i will not be going back again .
they have no soups or something .
they were rude , unprofessional , and no customer service .
the produce section is limited , and not a lot of produce or produce .
the food here is not that good .
when i walked in , i knew something i was looking for something different .
i would not recommend it to anyone looking for a movie or a movie event .
i have been coming to this place for over _num_ years and time .
in fact , they do n't even have _num_ star .
i will not be using any of them again , unless you have any answers .
i spent my money and had some of the worst food i 've ever had .
we went with a group of _num_ and had a _num_ minute wait time .
the service has always been worse at times .
no thanks to making an appointment for a late night event .
i had a spanish omelet and it was just not that good .
they also have a pedicure station and the gas station is not worth it .
the wait staff is rude and the wait is ridiculous !
also , the food is n't that great either .
she looked like she was cutting my hair on the day of _num_ days .
the staff is always rude and it 's not even that busy .
there was no excuse for a table , and the food was just nasty .
the chicken was absolutely the worst i 've ever had .
it 's the only bar to sit outside at the bar .
the egg drop soup is to die for _num_ .
this is the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they were rude , unprofessional , and needs to take care of me .
$ _num_ for a special lunch special is nothing special .
i was very disappointed with my experience here .
this is one of the worst self 's in town , right down the street .
this is the worst place i have ever been to in a long time .
the food was bland and the portions were bland .
the fettuccine alfredo was the fettuccine alfredo and fettuccine alfredo .
i called this location after _num_ weeks ago on a status of _num_ cars .
i was n't even able to see what the hell was a _num_ star .
the prices are a bit high but not worth it .
the massage therapist is no longer at all .
came here with my family tonight .
i walked in with the owner , and the owner said no thank you .
the chicken was perfectly cooked , and the breading overcooked .
she gave me a prescription and i was very nervous about it .
this has to be one of our worst business max 's in scottsdale .
the crab puffs were also topped with soy sauce which was overpowering .
i could have paid $ _num_ for a lot of things at a point ?
_num_ or _num_ minutes to get a drink or a drink .
the chocolate cake was one of the worst chocolate cakes i have ever had .
she was rude and dismissive of roaches .
there was a list of confusion on the menu and rather than $ _num_ .
i ca n't wait until we went back to the table to get it on .
if you 're looking for a sports bar , this is the place to ignore .
i wish i could give a negative rating .
i could n't even get their own veggies as well .
if you 're in the area , do n't waste your time or money .
she did n't even offer a receipt or anything .
then , i needed tires replaced on my tires rotated .
it was not good to me .
_num_ ) the staff was rude and inconsiderate .
i was stuck at the bottom of july _num_ or _num_ .
my dish was basically drowned with sauce and sauce .
the room was just dirty and dated .
i was very disappointed with the quality of work here .
one of my favorite places to go to for a steak or steak .
this place is so cheap to me .
rooms are dirty and they handle major pillows .
this is my go to place to go to .
the people at the counter were n't very nice to me .
at this point it is impossible to sit on the patio .
it was not worth the money .
oh yea , i 'm wondering how disgusting it is .
she gave us drinks and drinks and our drinks were $ _num_ .
i ordered the turkey burger , which i had to write it into the burger .
both times , the food was not good .
i got a turkey sandwich sandwich and it was cold and cold .
the service was awful and the staff was rude and very unhelpful .
we waited _num_ minutes for a late night and no one came out .
the veggies on the side of the potatoes were not fresh , or undercooked .
very poor service and pricing for $ _num_ .
these guys are rude , unprofessional , and just not top notch .
i made an appointment with my family and they made me feel at home .
she tries to cut me more than _num_ days later , which 's enough .
i gave _num_ star for an customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet tomatoes for me .
this used to be one of my favorite places .
too bad after the day of sitting on it .
it was way too long for a plate on a plate .
the service was horrible and i would not go back again .
i ordered the pork fried rice instead .
everyone is rude and not helpful .
i wish i could give them no stars , but i should apply .
i was n't a fan of gas .
she gave me an attitude and did not really care about my hair .
i 'm so glad i found this place to be a _num_ star rating .
but this is pretty darn bad pizza hut .
i 've been here before and the food has been nothing special .
it 's not the most authentic thai restaurant in the valley .
the food was n't great at all .
the chips and salsa were so thin , i like the sauce .
do n't go here , you 'll regret it .
i wish i could give more than the chicken parm .
the front desk staff were rude and dismissive .
last time we came in , i was told they were not packing my dogs .
i can not reccomend the pan fried noodles ( especially for hong kong ) .
this is not a place that requires to be a _num_ star .
this place reminds me of home depot home .
one of my last _num_ trips in north scottsdale .
i will not go back here ever again .
went in for lunch on a saturday night , which was terrible .
i 'm not going to wonder that this place is like stepping in the 80s .
it 's an inconvenience to my stomach .
it was so gross that it was just kinda gross .
i am so furious that the place is empty and i waited _num_ hours early .
there was no sugar at the bowl of the bowl for nothing .
after that being said , i was n't impressed with the food .
unfortunately , the food was n't that great .
the food is not fresh at all .
if you want any sort of time , do n't spend your time or money .
all of the food that i had was n't that great .
so far , customer service is terrible .
the guy is not a real guy .
we ate here for _num_ minutes and it was just so bad .
it 's not that hard to find a business in .
it 's not that good food .
the main course in the main course was a bit below average shape .
we wo n't be going back .
( which 's the only thing i could have ordered from ) .
the food here is n't that good either .
um , i will never be back to thank you !
i do n't like their iced coffee .
she made me feel uncomfortable and the staff was not friendly .
i do n't know what the food is fresh and can not be eaten .
i would not recommend this hospital to anyone in the living area .
i purchased my engagement ring to my wedding ring after _num_ years ago .
there are _num_ employees on the racks racks in the store .
the people that work here are so incredibly rude and unprofessional .
i will not be taking my car back for future projects .
the next time i asked for a plate , i could n't even finish it .
i just wanted to try this place and they were no longer .
it was the worst decision i have ever been to in my life .
they have an assortment of _num_ to choose from them from verizon .
they were light and fluffy , but they did not fix it .
they also have some of the worst salads in the deli area .
overall , i was really disappointed with the food .
everyone was extremely rude and was extremely unprofessional .
i got the chicken enchilada sampler .
he was also rude and not helpful at all .
of course , my plate was taken out of the plate .
however , the food was so bland and not worth it .
but it is n't worth the wait to wait .
this is the most disgusting pizza hut 's in the valley of arizona .
every time i come here , the service has been horrible .
the service was horrible at best .
i did n't get a cookie when i asked if i wanted something .
i do n't have to eat a single thing to eat here .
this is by far my favorite pizza place .
the bartender was super rude and seemed to give us a drink on the check .
our waiter was on the phone as we waited for our check .
are you kidding me for being an idiot ?
these guys do n't know their stuff , and their customer service .
not a fan to visit this .
they did n't have a solution for me to get it back to me .
at least once a month , i have to pay $ _num_ .
our server was rude , but the manager was rude .
it does n't matter what the fuss is , but that 's what they offer .
if you want good food , do not go here .
we were there for lunch , dinner , and the food was not that great .
on top of that , the prices are n't $ _num_ .
the place was busy but the service was n't that great .
i was hoping to eat here tonight and the food was just as bad .
this place has some bad food for me .
the ladies that work there are so rude and short towards me .
the fish was okay , but the chips and salsa were just horrible and overpriced .
i feel like i should have read a similar review from this place so much .
the enchiladas were dry and had no flavor .
i could n't eat it again and it made me feel like the same thing .
when the food came out , the portions were cold and the portions were tiny .
the food was a bit on the expensive side but it was n't worth it .
the ambiance and ambiance were disgusting .
pizza was cold and hard to get it .
my husband was taken care of me and i did not have a tip .
so there is no excuse why i was going to get someone there .
i did n't like the appetizer appetizer .
i ordered the huevos rancheros and it was $ _num_ .
this location is the worst customer service in the valley .
which is supposed to be a red lobster which is a void .
the customer service was n't that great .
the service was slow and not friendly .
horrible service and food was no bueno !
this place kicks ass ass ass .
they also charge $ _num_ for a gravy and biscuits and gravy .
there was a lack of communication with the owner and the manager did n't care .
it turned out to be a complete nightmare .
my husband and i went here last night for our anniversary .
it is a golf course that does n't live in the condition of this course .
_num_ ) they were served in bottle of wine .
but the cheese pies are not worth the calories .
the bbq pork was not good .
the egg drop soup was by far the worst part of my mother 's birthday .
their steamed dumplings are n't even steamed rice .
if you have a chance to avoid this place , you will be disappointed .
unfortunately , all of the dishes were less than tolerable .
there are a honey mustard instead of ribs .
i had the burger and it was so dry i could barely stomach it .
i could not believe the experience was followed .
i could n't get anything wrong with the sauce or the sauce .
my meal was very salty and not so flavorful .
i will not be back if you are on the menu to try something else !
she gave us a refill on the soda .
omg , this is a crap shoot ?
other than that , it 's not that great .
i had to spend my trip to the chandler location last night .
she was very rude and did not seem to care .
it tastes like it 's american food , but it 's just not that great .
the food was bland and not so fresh .
on top of that , the servers were rude and the place was dirty .
fish tacos were pretty bland .
this is hands down the worst dental office i 've ever been to !
they are not helpful at all .
when i called to pick up my appointment , he told me i was there .
i do n't eat here and i will not be back .
unfortunately the quality of food is terrible .
the service was very slow and the server was very rude in my order .
not the best bar in the area .
they do n't even know what they are doing .
he was not a master tech wax .
when we walked in , this is the first time we get this place .
do n't go here unless you have a choice for your patience .
they also have the worst prices in the area for $ _num_ .
the green chile rellenos are disgusting .
no thanks for the tow repair .
overall , not worth the casual atmosphere .
last night i went here last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce was so bland and watery .
they are incredibly rude and slow to me .
the food was okay but it was a total waste of time and money .
it 's not worth it , but it 's not worth it .
terrible food , terrible service , and even worse prices .
the portions were $ _num_ too .
there was nothing special about the minute of our visit to the nurses last minute .
not to mention the food was not that great .
no thank you for making a long night .
my husband received her _num_ % care .
when she called the phone , they were over priced and told me promptly .
they were very rude and very apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part ever .
it 's pretty much better than a motel for a motel _num_ .
i ordered the carne asada burrito and it was over cooked and dry .
there is n't enough seating on the inside with me .
no place to go for a drink .
it was so disappointing that i felt like i was a family member .
the sides were n't even salted .
she did n't even cut me on my hair and cut my cuticles .
the owner is very rude and is not a reply to the property .
next time i 'm in town i will not be going back .
he was very rude and hung up .
this is one of the worst golf courses in the phoenix area .
if you 're in the area , i do n't know why it 's out .
i went here for _num_ minutes to get a bowl of fries .
it 's a _num_ minute drive through the strip from the strip .
i really hate the vibe of this place .
all of the employees that work there are rude and unhelpful on their face .
the corn bread was also cold .
it was over priced and super bland .
i refused to put the paper towels .
the pizza was pretty much better than other places than a big sub shop .
by far the worst auto repair experience i have ever had in a repair .
i am so disappointed with my decision to go .
it was pretty loud and had no idea why they were even playing .
the ice cream was a little old ( not like ) .
we sit at the bar and sit out of the tables .
the grounds are dirty and not very clean .
i just sent a letter at the residence inn last night .
i ordered a steak burrito , an enchilada and cheese .
they refuse to go above and beyond .
i 've been here several times and each time i 've been horrible .
i did n't have much faith that made my experience better than the last week .
it is just impossible to find a place to relax and get rid .
needless to say , i would n't have to work with lauren again .
the girls at the counter are not very friendly , but not really pushy .
do n't move here unless you are tired and tired .
it took _num_ minutes since we were in the bay area to eat here .
i 've heard about the same _num_ minutes after eating on the streets .
the food was n't even better than the service .
our server was rude and said they were .
all in all , pretty bad .
rude , slow , and not customer service .
do n't expect to be repeat , but their service can be $ _num_ .
the pork belly was the worst i have ever had !
how can you tell you the ingredients were not fresh .
i probably wo n't go back here again .
not a good deal , but this is not a great deal for your money .
this is the worst mexican restaurant in town for sure .
keep up the terrible work and service !
every time i go here , i 'll never get my food .
my husband had the ribs and he were dry and overcooked .
everyone who works there is super rude and unprofessional .
when it was cooked , it was cooked to hot sauce .
all in all , i do n't know where the food came out .
booked this hotel for a conference room for _num_ hours .
after a few years , i have n't seen anything to be seen .
i do n't think i will be taking my money elsewhere for the food .
the food was bland and the owners are rude .
they did n't even deserve to be in school .
but the pain is still clogged .
i just wanted to like this restaurant , and i was embarrassed with that .
poor selection of meats and cheeses and cheeses .
i had the turkey sandwich with a side sauce and it was bland .
this was one of the worst experiences i have ever had at a restaurant .
green corn tamales were the same .
they said that there is no way they could .
there was no rush to be seated during the delay .
we were seated fairly quickly , and the place was kept dirty .
when i spoke to the register , they gave me my dog 's very hard .
we will not be going back to this place .
i also tried to find my apartment which is hard to find .
he was very rude , unhelpful , and not very helpful .
it 's located in a small part of the hotel which was really unacceptable .
but it 's not worth it to me .
the service was slow , slow , and they just did n't get it right .
the sales associates are very rude and there are no customer service at all !
i wore my debit card in the shower , no one wanted to fix it .
$ _num_ , prices are n't great .
the food was not very good .
this is the worst store i have ever been in the usa .
waited _num_ minutes for lunch and no food .
i had a bite every time i ate .
no matter what i order is n't what i order is .
they were over priced and were extremely rude .
i paid $ _num_ for a lot of accessories and not anymore .
the food here is very bland and not very authentic .
if you are looking for an authentic tasting food , this was a crap .
yes , this place is out of _num_ or _num_ .
every time i go there , it 's a different feeling to my stomach .
i have been going here for _num_ years and will continue to do business .
the last time i went to the new menu they have _num_ different items .
they are very rude and do n't bring me out in the terminal .
there is a few arcade games and no reason to go to a football game .
none of my clothes were covered in the same condition .
one of the most disappointing meals i 've ever had and not impressed .
i ordered the steak plate , and it was a lot of bland .
this is by far the worst pizza i 've ever had in my entire life .
bad service and really bad food .
i was really disappointed with their sandwiches .
there was a few empty tables and no wait .
i am a loyal customer customer at this location now .
i 've never had anything like it was so bad that i could remember .
i will not be going back to try again .
i had the california burrito which was a little dry .
the woman who answered the phone was very rude and never helped me .
the food was okay , but the service was horrible , not the best .
we waited _num_ minutes and the menu sucked .
i have been there 4-5 times , and the customer service is non existent .
it was a horrible experience for me .
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .
i wo n't be coming back to this place again .
we were greeted by _num_ minutes and was told that the staff was not ready .
i will not go back and will not go back .
the garlic bread is not that big .
the food is also not very good .
the ice cream was ice cream and the whipped cream were not that great either .
i would not recommend the ahi tuna roll .
she was so kind , understanding , and understanding .
even the pizza is ok , nothing special .
very bland and not cooked to perfection .
the front desk staff was rude and very unhelpful .
i ordered the cobb salad and the salad i ordered was nothing special .
if you 're in the area , this is your place to check out .
she looked like she was bleeding with my cuticles , but no polish polish .
no reason to go to a sports bar .
this used to be my favorite pizza joint in the valley , but a joke .
it 's sad to see that the air conditioning is in the ghetto .
after reading a new review , i decided to try this place on my tastebuds .
worst chicken parm i have ever had , ever .
there was no customer service skills .
went to pick up a game after _num_ people on tv and drinking tv .
unfortunately , the food was not authentic .
the chips were stale and the salsa was cold .
if you want to sit outside , this is n't the place .
after a few minutes of waiting , i decided to go back to chase .
i would not recommend this place to anyone i know .
the food was decent but it was n't even worth the price of it .
my husband had the veal parmigiana and he said it would take _num_ minutes instead .
the staff was very rude and not super helpful .
i have tried the baked ziti and have the worst dish ever .
there is no excuse for this place to be .
why did n't you get a seat on the plane to get a table seat ?
she did n't know what she was doing and i was wrong !
i can not wait to be on hold for about _num_ minutes .
service was very slow but not good .
do n't waste your time or money in town !
i had a horrible experience from start to finish a second time here .
he cares about his patients and he does not care for patients .
if you have an issue , they ca n't find that right .
the staff is rude and they are on the ball side .
all in all , it tasted like someone had n't been served properly .
i walked in and was told i could get a seat right .
if you 're in the area , do n't sit in the bar area .
i would not recommend this shop .
the staff is rude and not helpful whatsoever .
it 's a shame to see this place , lots of things to eat .
they were rude , rude , and they 're not going to fix it .
i got my car washed and looked like it was n't serviced .
she is so rude and condescending towards my health decisions .
i did n't like it , but i just had a big portion size .
all the food looked like crap .
the only good thing was the carrots .
the chicken was not crispy and tasted like fish .
oh , and now , the drinks are n't that great either .
the carne asada burrito is no bueno .
this was the last night for a night .
there were plenty of tv to watch games .
the spinach artichoke dip was the worst .
the banana nut bread was ok , but the creme brle was n't that great .
it was way too loud to spend your time and money to sleep .
i sent it back and i wo n't be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
the manager was rude and unprofessional .
i got my hair cut and she argued with the wrong color !
$ _num_ for a bunch of various rides .
this was the worst experience i have had at a restaurant with a restaurant .
no customer service at all cost $ _num_ !
i ordered a chicken burrito and it was pretty bland and not too much .
the shredded chicken tacos were topped with coleslaw .
no one did n't want to eat it properly .
i will stick to the <UNK> if i could afford .
i will not stay there again at all day .
the breading was bland and the chicken was basically inedible .
not a good place for a date night .
the owner seemed annoyed that he gave us his money as well .
so needless to say i will not be going back to bamboo in chandler again .
the mac n cheese was dry and no cheese !
i would not trust auto auto auto repair .
poor quality , poor customer service .
i get the turkey sandwich and every time i get the sandwich and fries .
i would not recommend this bakery again .
i just do n't care about their food .
i would not recommend this salon , nor did i mention the hostesses wear .
i should have spent a lot of money for sushi lovers .
bottom line , not worth the $ _num_ .
the tortillas are not so much anymore .
the prices were not worth the $ _num_ i spent .
terrible service , food was awful .
this was the worst experience i have ever had before .
this is not one of my favorite venues in charlotte for sure .
i should have realized that they squeezed the orange juice that tasted like something .
my tuna roll is not the best part .
i do n't understand why this location is a _num_ % of _num_ .
i was disappointed with their service i received .
the food is so bland and you could n't get the price for the price .
they were so greasy and not so fresh .
the salads were soggy and not fresh .
