i 've been here a few times and it 's just the best .
this is definitely one of the main courses that 's in the area .
everything tasted fresh and tasted like watered down .
i came back for a few minutes and she said she was great .
i ca n't believe the staff is so friendly and this place is immaculate .
i took the bill off the bill and it was worth it .
the food is n't very good , but it is n't great either .
i 'm so glad i had a gift certificate for my birthday .
i do n't know what the fuss is , but i love the results .
it 's too expensive , but it 's worth it !
we sat down the street and had some really nice and fast service .
they also offer a miso soup and a good amount of soup as well .
the food was delicious and i 'm sure they came out with everything .
the food was great and we could n't wait for the table at home .
the bar area is clean and the people watching the register was nice .
the salsa is really good , but the chips and salsa are fresh .
the food was very good and the wine selection was even better .
the people that work here are friendly and the service is fast as well .
the veggies were cooked perfectly and the meat was cooked to perfection .
the ranch dressing is by far the best i have had in any states .
i ordered the pan fried noodles with soy sauce and it was delicious .
she said `` yes , '' , and she loved it .
the store is clean and the management needs to be a new improvement .
the bread was good and the bread was fresh and plentiful .
when i walked in the door , i was greeted right with a smile .
the staff was very friendly and happy hour after being there .
i 've had the best fish in the usa , and they are dry .
there is an option for the rewards program which is available with benefits .
the decor was fine , and the decor was really cool .
we will return to this location again , and the coffee was great .
the sales people here are great and the sales people are friendly .
the food is good and not hot or hot .
i asked for the rewards card and they got me to be my favorite .
i received a order from here and i received my order of delivery .
this is a great place to see a band that i trust her .
the staff was very friendly and helped me down the road of everything else .
i found the refried beans to be found and the beans were very tasty .
i am proud to take advantage of my friends and i love her .
my wife and i have been frequenting this restaurant with our family and friends .
i have always been very pleased with the service and the staff .
the customer service is great and they really need to work with you .
my husband and i went to the bar for dinner and enjoy it .
i ordered the `` hot '' sub and it was very fresh and flavorful .
i came into this place to celebrate a friend and i love it .
if you are in the area , find a great selection of food .
i asked for thai tea , and they had a very nice flavor .
i went here on a friday night and was pleasantly surprised with the food .
i left feeling very satisfied , and i will never go back .
i went here for a car wash and i was very happy with it .
we ordered a `` spicy '' meal , and we will definitely be back .
the food is delicious , the service is the best i have ever experienced .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
he knows how to fix it and he tells me to fix it .
if you are looking for a vet , this is the place to go !
we were very happy with the fact that we paid for the price .
the only saving grace was the refried beans and the black beans were excellent .
they have a great time every time .
other than that , the food here is pretty good , too .
i picked up a new product , and he knew what he was talking .
i 'm so impressed by the quality i 've had .
this is one of the few spots in the area for a year .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was good , and i would definitely go back there again .
i will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
i always get my first time here and i 'll add the leftovers .
if you want to go here for lunch you will love it .
i think it may be in stock , but it 's quite good .
the staff is very friendly and chatty ( which is a rarity ) .
this place is a great place to live .
i just moved to the area and stop by the university section .
i had the crab stuffed shrimp and it was also very good .
i love the pieces of asparagus and the grilled veggies in the face .
every time i go here i really appreciate the time of making things .
the prices are great and the prices are better than most bars around .
the food is good and the people that work there are very nice .
the staff was very nice and even when you walk in the door .
this is my favorite indian restaurant in charlotte .
the sauce is great with a touch of peanut butter .
i will definitely be back to this location with a wide variety of exhibits .
i was very happy with what i got in a very small portion .
they offer a ton of water and the `` dessert '' was great .
i was so impressed with the rest of the day for the day .
the salads are delicious , and the salads are nothing special .
it was a nice evening and a fun evening .
the lady who answered the phone did a great job with me .
the service was quick and friendly , and it was busy to be expected .
they have great customer service skills and my son loves his work .
the bread was good and the garlic bread was soft and fresh .
the hot tea was good too , and the hot tea is great .
i have been going to this store since i moved in and out .
they make you feel like you ca n't be beat .
i love the food here , and the service is always great ... .
the sound is amazing and the sound itself is so good .
needless to say , i will be back for the authentic mexican food .
i will definitely be ordering from here again .
this is my go-to place for me , that 's what i need .
she did a great job whether she did anything for me or anything .
the prices are decent , and the prices are just right .
i was so impressed with the quality of the food at this place .
i got the orange chicken and it tasted like it was in heaven .
i have never been to like that , but i love it .
the food is excellent and the beer selection is good at best .
the building looks beautiful and the building itself is beautiful .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this one before .
this is a great club , i am a fan of the cultural center .
if i could give this place a try , i would !
i 'm really hungry , and i 'm pretty happy about the specials .
they have no call , and make sure you call ahead , etc .
if i could give less than one star , i love this one .
the soup was good , and the crab bisque was decadent .
if i could give less than _num_ stars , i would highly recommend .
the staff was very friendly and explained how to make them feel special .
i love this place -- it is a great place for a few reasons .
they are one of the best i have tried in the west side .
the restaurant is very clean and the staff is always very busy .
the food is so good , and i love the thin pretzel roll .
this is the best place i have been to , especially for years .
i got my glasses , quickly , and she was pretty happy .
i was very happy with my results , and no need to help me .
the service at this location was great and the food was excellent .
i always get my nails done and i 'll continue to go back .
i had the crab cake and it was so tender and kind of flavor .
i 'm a huge fan of this place while i can move in line .
it was a nice little place to begin with a friendly service .
we took a bottle of water with water and it was great .
the food is very good and reasonably priced for what you get .
i 've been to several shows now and it 's always amazing .
i went to get my brakes repaired and the rear brakes was great .
it 's much better than what i 've had in a strip mall .
i called a message , and they always have a smile to me .
this is by far the best grocery store you have in the area .
i got to go to nam 's and they always have a good kick .
the security guard show up front door , carousel , and greets you warmly .
i wanted to like this place but it 's a huge hidden gem .
i always get compliments from the workers who know what they are doing .
the over priced is over priced and the staff is always friendly .
they also make you feel like they are a great part of my lives .
i was very happy with my food , and i found it there .
i always get a patty melt with a side of char as well .
i 'm not sure i 'll be back , but i love this place .
this is one of the best grocery stores in the area .
the new management team is awesome and management is great .
if you 're looking for fresh wasabi , they do n't stop by .
they have a good selection of deli and the deli is always fresh .
the staff was very nice and came out during the evening .
`` oh yeah , i 'm happy with what i love '' .
the bed was beautiful and the bed was great .
i am so happy that i have found him for a while .
if you have a choice , they have the best i have found .
this is a nicely decorated museum with a few of the few leather exhibits .
this place is just ok .
needless to say i was very happy with the experience i 've had .
this is the best place to go and i will never go back .
the menu is great , and the eggs on the menu are huge .
the manager showed up and chatted with the manager and he was friendly .
i have to say this is a great experience with the whole team .
they have a great way to spend the day , as well , too .
they have great customer service skills and no smiles and no smiles .
he was thorough , thorough , and he did n't answer the phone .
it was a nice combination of fried rice and it was sooooo tasty .
if you 're in the area , this is a great place to play .
the guy behind the counter knows how to do the job right with it .
this is a local local business with a local business for me .
i asked if i was joking , and she was so nice .
the food was very good , and the service was even better .
my wife had the ribs , and i still enjoyed the crepes .
it 's byob , though , and they offer great outdoor seating .
the space is clean and the outdoor seating area is a special occasion .
i also like the fact that it reeked of cigarette smoke .
the food is great and the service is even better , even better .
i brought my family here and i 'll take my business elsewhere .
they are affiliated with aaa , which is important for the student services .
it 's an old school of my favorite restaurant in charlotte .
went there on a friday night and it was a great time .
the sauce was great and the sauce had a little kick in it .
the meat was fresh and tender and just the right amount of meat .
i will definitely visit this salon again and i 'm in the area .
they have such a wide selection of beers to give you a loyal customer .
i would definitely go there again and would recommend it to anyone .
this was by far the best dental hygienist i 've dealt with .
the rest of their food is fantastic and the employees are very friendly .
i 've never had the food before , but it 's great .
he is the best , and he knows what he is talking about .
i 'm a big fan of the place and the sushi was reasonably priced .
i ordered the veggie bento box with broiled chicken and it was delicious .
i ordered the fettuccine alfredo pasta with garlic sauce and it was delicious .
it 's great to take the cook to cook their fries .
i had the reuben sandwich and it was a good sandwich .
the young man who did my nails did a great job .
he did a great job , and we told him what we wanted .
i could n't believe it , i love it and really liked it .
the pad thai is also very good for a taste of the dish .
the food is delicious and we have ordered a menu on the menu .
the chocolate souffl was fantastic , especially for the desert of the desert sundae .
this is a family owned restaurant that has no idea about it .
they also have one of the best things to do after a movie machine .
i 've been to this restaurant several times and it is always wonderful .
there was a ton of fruit for the kids and the fruit salad .
when i arrived at the front desk , it was one of the best .
we got seated before we got our food and it took another _num_ minutes .
the ice cream is very good , and the ice cream is out of .
i have been going here for years and their food is always great .
i like it as soon as i got in and they were amazing .
the food is average and the service is great and the restaurant is clean .
this is one of the best places i have been to for sure .
this is the best place to eat , and i can say .
they also have a great selection of beers on the walls as well .
i like the egg foo young and they are so tender and fluffy .
i love the melting pot , and go to the melting pot .
i walked in and out of town , and i was pleasantly surprised .
i 've eaten here many times , and the food is always good .
if you are in the area , there is one way to do !
i went here for christmas eve , and they were done perfectly .
it was my first time there , and it was the best in town .
i really enjoy this place , and i do n't enjoy the atmosphere .
the staff was very friendly , and did n't seem to care of us .
the food is always good and you can get a seat in the room .
they give you an option for an option .
the staff is amazing , and they run the whole family for years .
i decided to see a concert on the first floor , which was wonderful .
i 've been here many times , and i love that they do .
this is by far the best place in the valley .
the store was clean and the inventory was also marked .
the green chili was good , and the green chili cheese was very good .
if you are looking for a chocolate cake , they give it a shot .
when we asked for something we wanted something different , with a smile .
this place has the first time for me and i love it .
the people that work there are a big pleasure to pick up with friends .
definitely worth the trip for the first time .
i had one of my favorites to go and it was also delicious .
the macaroon is a nice touch and a nice oasis in a snap .
it 's my favorite experience that i have ever had .
i ordered the beef taco special special , but it was really good .
i would highly recommend trader joe 's to anyone in the west side .
i sat down the street and waited to my table and always enjoy it .
the park is also very clean and has a nice layout .
i have been to several different locations and he 's always happy with me .
they work on commission , and they charged me for the work done .
it looks old and looks old and clean .
she did a great job and made sure to return my calls .
if you are in the area , this is a great place to stay .
the food is delicious and i would have to wait more than _num_ minutes .
the food is always good , and the service is pretty good .
this is one of the best places to get a ball on the ball .
i 'm not a big fan of their french fries , but i love it .
there is an issue with keeping my car in the theater as well .
i have always had a good time trying to leave a good time .
the employees are so nice and it 's always the best i 've had .
if you are looking for a new vet , i 'll keep this place .
i will definitely shop here again if i can afford to shop .
the french toast was delicious , and the eggs were a little hot .
the food is below average , but the service is above average .
this is the best mexican food i 've had in my life .
this is the best place to get what you want looking for .
we sent it back and we should have sent it back .
the building is clean and well maintained and the equipment is very old .
i 'm sure to take a chance to take advantage of the reviews .
this place has some of the best old fashioned men 's in the area .
i can count on their website , and they are able to deliver within .
i dont know what i wanted , but i love their variety of flavors .
there is nothing special about this place and it 's really good .
it 's a special occasion , and it 's one of my favorites .
this is one of the best values in the medical field and medical field .
this is one of the best kept secrets i 've had in the area .
i had the chow mein and the chow mein was very good .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .
i 'm sure they take care of you and do n't care .
i have been here a few times and i can always count in my life .
i bought a pair of red velvet shoes and my clothes were perfect .
i would recommend this place to all of my friends and family .
the lines are long , and the service is a bit slower .
every time i go here , it 's very good .
i ordered the spinach dip and the artichoke dip and it was delicious .
they did a great job and even ask me for the next time .
if you are in the area they are doing you right .
the lady at the front desk was very nice and helpful .
i was very impressed with this place , and would highly recommend it .
the sauce was sweet and the sauce was sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
i went to discount tire based on yelp , and it was great .
i also got a pair of pants on the walls , ipad , etc .
if you are in the area , there is a great alternative to it .
i have always had a good dining experience with friends in the phoenix area .
the food was great and so was the service .
the hotel is clean and has an old school feel of it .
the crust is good , and the crust has no flavor in it .
the baristas are very friendly as well as the <UNK> .
this place is a hole for a hole in the wall .
this place is a hole with a hole and the food is awesome !
i thought it was fine , and i would recommend it to everyone .
i went in for lunch , and they still got my full set .
the food was good as well .
i would recommend this location to anyone who is looking to do .
i also got a free dessert that was the only thing i enjoyed .
the staff is very friendly and seem to care about you .
overall , i had a great experience and i would definitely come back .
the rice is really good and the rice is brown and brown .
she did a great job with a smile that we get from her .
from the moment i went to the store , i always feel welcome .
my wife and i stayed here for our anniversary and was treated very well .
i ordered a side of the blackened salmon salad with a side of bolognese .
i have been here many times , and it 's always so good .
they did a great job and i suggest asking for a bottle of water .
they know what they are talking about , and they take care of you .
the menu is extensive and i really enjoy the fact that they are offering .
they did a great job after picking up my order .
i will definitely be coming back here .
other than that , i really liked her and she did n't notice .
i do n't order from this place , but the food is amazing .
it reminds me of the cute dairy queen , so i love that .
the water tasted great and the water tasted like water .
the food is as good as the other locations are the best .
this is a good place that does n't disappoint .
i ordered the hot dog and it was hot and fresh in there .
the portions are large , but the portions are large and everything is good .
the fried rice was very good and cooked over cooked .
i have never received such an exceptional customer service from a young provider .
the prices are competitive , and the prices are very competitive .
other than that , the rest of the food is really good as well .
if you 're in the neighborhood , i 'm sure that 's breath .
the management is great and they do n't care about anything about it .
it 's one of the best restaurants around the valley in the valley .
i love that they are able to get a dozen breakfast burritos .
i 'm so glad i got my craving of pho and spring rolls .
the prices are fair and the quality of the food is pretty good .
this is by far the best customer service that i have in las vegas .
the food was good and the service was even better for the price .
my wife and i went to the bar to pick up our food .
the pizza was pretty good , and the pizza was quite tasty .
they have a good night on a saturday night that they are open late .
this place is run down and the service is fast and friendly .
the only thing that was great was the drinks and the hot tea .
i went in the corner of the week , and it was packed .
the staff is very friendly , and i think it 's all about it .
i had an appointment for two weeks , and i found my tires .
i love my bed , and they have a bed set up on it .
the food is good , but the service is less than desirable .
i finally got out of towners , and it was pretty good .
if you are lucky to see someone else , this is the spot !
the food is n't bad , but the service is great too .
i had the crab cakes , which were delicious , with no flavor .
the customer service is great and the food makes me feel at all .
from the moment i walked out , the manager was great to talk to .
i was very impressed with this place and the place was clean .
i always bring my own cooper here , they are `` smart '' .
the tour guides are very informative , especially considering the tour guides .
if you are looking for contemporary donuts , this is a must .
the owner is just right and he does n't want to help you .
i had the prime rib hash , and they were both very good .
i found the staff to be very nice and helpful .
i got the linguine in the box and it has a ton of flavor .
i have n't been here many times , but it 's always good .
i took the time to take care of him and he was great .
thank you for your patience and your kind of patience .
i 'm a huge fan of my life and a great time of mine .
i brought my dog there for my birthday , and it was great .
i 'm looking for a suit , and i think it is the best .
our server was very friendly and did a great job on our car .
they have the best customer service i have ever experienced .
this is a great place to shop and i 'm a big fan .
i love this place , and i will be back for a reason .
the location is always clean and the service is usually getting better .
i really enjoyed the fact that they have an open patio to the table .
if you can afford the high rating for the quality of the place .
i did n't even eat it to eat and loved it .
this was the first time i 've ever had a great haircut .
our server was attentive and had a great personality to our table .
my husband and i came out with a coworker who loved it .
it 's a great place to see a concert that i normally appreciate .
i 'm a big fan of this place , but they make it right .
i went here to celebrate my graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation for the graduation .
this is the second time that they 've messed up my order right .
this is a great place , lots of energy and energy on time .
i would also recommend him to anyone and i have a happy hour .
i came back to pick up my order , and he was the best .
it is a good thing that is a good thing about the menu .
the manager is a great person and the manager is a sweetheart .
it was so good that i just wanted to go out of there .
needless to say , we were able to give it a try .
the bartender is a great bartender , and the bartender is a sweetheart .
love this place and stay away from this place .
i have been here a few times , but i love the new market .
everyone who works there is just as good as it gets .
thank you for taking our time and money !
i will continue to buy another car from here when i 'm in madison .
i 've bought two pieces of red velvet cake and it 's very tasty .
she did a great job with me that i could n't finish the day .
great service , great food , great service .
the pizza is so good and it 's like any other pizza places .
they gave me a miso soup and one of my favorites .
i 'm a huge fan of restaurants and this is a chain of chain .
the food was very good and the rice was fresh and cooked to perfection .
i can tell the people that work here are a true testament of art .
if you are in the area , this is the best pizza in town .
i ordered the spicy basil pasta with basil and it was spicy and spicy .
the service is fast and their food is great and their portions are generous .
i would recommend this place to anyone wanting to have living here .
i have been able to get a seat for a while in the morning .
the staff is very friendly , and the food is great .
this was my first time visiting arizona and i enjoyed my stay here .
the moo goo gai pan dish is very good with the peanut sauce .
if you are in the mood for good food , stop here .
the prime rib was perfectly cooked and the prime rib was cooked perfectly .
i have been using this company for years of my sister and i love .
i will definitely be going back to many locations on the other locations .
it 's a dive bar , but i will definitely return to the area .
let me tell you , this place is by far the best !
it 's like an irish pub , which is a good irish pub .
my daughter has been here for valentine 's day as well .
they also accept a credit card fee which is worth the $ _num_ fee .
i ordered the beef and broccoli and it was cooked to perfection .
i do n't know what i was expecting , but it 's really good .
the food is authentic mexican food that is not authentic .
it 's just walking distance , walking distance , and keep walking distance .
this is the best , but it 's the cheapest .
i have been going here for years and it is the best .
these guys are so much better than these days i bought them .
i feel like i have to agree with the neighbors in the community .
this is the best panda express i 've been to in the valley .
we all moved to the area and they open at the door .
they did a very good job and they were very friendly and accommodating .
the air conditioning in the middle of the ceiling is very urban and modern .
the server was extremely friendly and assisted with our order and placed our order .
i just moved to the humane society and they work on their work .
the food is great and the prices are comparable to what they serve .
this is a great place for a college student .
i had the jack daniels burger , and it was pure heaven .
needless to say , i will definitely be back at this place again .
i had the chicken shawarma wrap , and it was really good .
the animals were clean and looked like they were still there in line .
i loved the fact that it was close to the `` local '' restaurant .
i 've had two different dishes , and it 's light and delicious .
my favorite is the pieces of fish and the ribs are all so fresh .
i highly recommend this place if you are in the area .
i have been going to red robin for years , and they always do it .
the staff was friendly and attentive , even when i asked for it .
it 's too expensive for what you get and it 's always good .
they have a great selection of onions , onions , onions or peppers .
i went to this location and it 's right off the freeway .
we went there on a saturday night and the service was extremely friendly .
my friend and i met this spot on the patio , as well .
the beer selection is amazing and they have an extensive beer selection too .
the food was fresh and plentiful with a lot of char and spices .
the beer was nice and cold .
the young lady who works in the deli department is the best .
i will continue to bring my car here and they are awesome !
there are much better places for breakfast places in the area .
the waitress was a sweetheart , and the bartender was a nice touch .
it 's not my favorite place , but it 's still amazing .
it 's just natural , yet , and they do a great job .
this place is the best mexican food , hands down .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this location .
the prices are higher than most of the other places , which is great .
if you 're in the area , they make sure you have one .
this is by far my favorite asian cuisine in las vegas from nyc .
the woman who helped us out was the most part of the place .
the bathroom is clean and the doors are kept up with the curtains .
we were in the first class and really enjoyed our experience with our employees .
i have never had a car washed and i love it myself .
we had a couple of our party and they were slammed and just right .
the prices are reasonable , and the lunch specials are a bargain .
the green chile enchiladas were great , but the enchiladas were very good .
the food is good , nothing special and the problem is the problem .
i have tried them several times and each time i go to california .
this is a great feature in the middle of the city as well .
they did a great job on my nails and toes .
i would recommend them to any of the flowers based on the menu .
they also have a great selection of beers , which is definitely the case .
this is one of my favorite places to go , especially for sushi .
i got a brazilian blowout on my laptop and it 's beautiful .
this is the best pizza place in oakland .
i was happy with their meal and everything else took a while .
the place is small and i 'm sure it 's a nice place .
the staff is friendly , and they do offer to rush their customers .
it 's a special occasion , but nothing special about the menu .
i had a massage with gel manicure and my pedicure was perfect .
i got a brazilian blowout at the front desk and got to love them .
overall , it was a pretty pleasant experience and i went through the weekend .
if you are in the area , it 's nice to stop by .
i 've visited many times in the past year and they are amazing .
we were so happy we got our drinks , and it was great .
they really seem to care about their job and their job .
if you have a choice , i 'd recommend it to anyone .
the staff at coyote or cabinets are all very nice .
everyone who works there was a lot of food and everyone loved it .
they do a beautiful job on the floor and the kids love the stroll .
the staff is super friendly and the location is n't really busy .
i 've been to this location several times and the service is always good .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .
the apartments are beautiful , especially the ones in the middle of the sun .
my son and i met a couple of the <UNK> at the holiday inn .
if you are looking to eat sushi , this is the spot .
one of my favorite spots on the light rail and a half of everything .
i took my son here for a pedicure and she loved it .
i have been in a few months and it 's always a hit .
i have been going to pino 's for a few years and they are great .
when i picked up the order , i thought it was worth the price .
they have some of the best parts of clothing in the area they offer .
they make me feel at home , but it 's not even close .
i will not be going back to this place for a while .
the drinks were cold and drinks were a little strong for starters .
my husband got a turkey sandwich , and he said he could do it .
i signed up for a coupon and i got a confirmation email .
i would give them a try if i could give them a try .
i called dr. p & i am looking forward to seeing this b .
i had a horrible experience and i will never go back there again .
however , they were n't good , and not good .
when i got my car back , i got ta switch on her .
she made me feel uncomfortable and made me feel uncomfortable when i was pregnant .
my friend had the steak and fries , which were nothing special .
the food was so bland it was almost inedible .
the biscuits and gravy were not good .
i wo n't wait until i got back to the next year .
she was kind of rude , and they were very reasonably priced .
i wish pei wei i love pei wei .
the bagels were cold , ice cream , and no ice cream .
i do n't see why i can see why you get there .
the woman that i spoke with was kind of rude and unhelpful .
i 'm not a fan of the sushi rolls that we ate here .
this is one of the worse experiences i 've had in a long time .
when i arrived to the room , he told me the unit was done .
this is the only one of my favorite golf courses in charlotte .
the office staff was rude and dismissive .
the portions are generous and the food is not very flavorful .
when i got home , it was cold and rubbery .
there are two women who are required with these women .
the most part of the food , however , is the only thing .
we were both so disappointed with our meals .
however , i was very disappointed with the quality of the food .
the menu was very limited , and the menu was small and simple .
when they were on the menu , it was cold as they were .
i do n't know why i love this place , but the service is horrible .
i paid $ _num_ for a gift card to replace my gift .
if you want a break , do n't stop at a different stop .
the rest of the staff was unfriendly and did n't feel like much .
the sales rep is so much nicer than any other companies in the office .
this is the first time i go to this location and its treated poorly .
i ended up having to get ripped off by the streets of tempe .
this is the worst pizza i have ever had as well as their bruchetta .
i 'm so disappointed and will not be going back for future services .
this place used to be pretty much higher than other places to eat .
i did n't see the most part she did the job .
i felt like i was in the range of _num_ .
they also have a terrible selection of clothing and a very rude staff .
i do n't mind going to this place in a long time .
it took a few minutes to hang out , to grab some food .
the lunch specials were not as good as it used to be .
the room was clean and the bathroom was dirty .
i asked for the $ _num_ special and they replaced the wrong thing .
i will not return here again .
i have eaten here several times and they were frozen .
they were rude , unhelpful , and clearly no interest in customer service .
the produce selection is very limited and they have nothing of organic produce .
the food here is just ok .
every time i went in , i knew something i wanted something new .
i would not recommend this venue to anyone looking for a specific oil change .
i 've been going here for about _num_ years and it has gotten worse .
in fact , they have n't been in the lounge for _num_ months .
i will not be using them again because of all of their efficiency needs .
for the first time i went , i had some sort of wine .
we went with a group of _num_ and we had a horrible time .
i have been here several times and the service has been horrible .
i did n't want to make an appointment for our wedding date night .
i ordered a spanish omelet and it was a baked potato with no mushrooms .
the massage chairs are a joke and the massage chairs are even worse .
the wait staff is rude and the wait staff is rude .
the food is ok , but the service is horrible .
my hair looks like she had no idea what she was getting on .
the staff is always rude and the food is not consistent .
the atmosphere was a little awkward and the food was barely warm .
the chicken parmesan was absolutely the worst i 've ever had .
i also sit at the bar to sit to the bar .
i asked for the soup to go container and it was absolutely horrible .
this is the worst chinese restaurant in the area .
however , our server needs to be replaced and needs to be replaced .
$ _num_ for a lunch special is n't a great value .
i was very disappointed with my experience with this company .
this is one of the worst hotel in the entire world of me .
this is the worst place i have been to in a long time .
the food was bland and plentiful .
i ordered the fettuccine alfredo with fettuccine alfredo and it was awful .
i went at this location two weeks ago and had my car serviced .
i wanted to give it a shot but it was n't the best .
the prices are a bit high , but it 's not worth it .
she also gave me a prescription and she is an absolute joke .
my wife and i went here with my family .
if you 're in the area , i will never go with them .
the veal was cooked perfectly , and the chicken was dry .
she gave me a prescription and he gave me a prescription of my thermostat .
i 've been to this property roughly _num_ years and it 's truly horrible .
i ordered the crab puffs with peanut sauce and the crab puffs were runny .
i have had a lot of things so i could have paid $ _num_ .
we had to wait _num_ minutes for a table to get some drink .
the chocolate cake was one of the best chocolate cakes i 've ever had .
i walked in and was ignored by the host .
i 'd rather pay more than a list of wine at the mall .
i ca n't wait to go back to the pictures on the next floor .
if you 're looking for a sports bar , this is the place .
i wish i could have read the collection of _num_ % of their stalls .
i realized i could have realized that they were frozen as well .
if you 're in the area , i do n't have a choice .
she did n't even apologize and did n't have a solution .
when i asked for brakes , they replaced my tires and replaced .
needless to say it was not very good .
the staff was friendly and not quite chatty .
i stopped in at the bar on the way to give it a shot .
i asked for a dish with red sauce and it was over cooked .
the service was terrible and the interior was dirty .
i was very disappointed with the quality of work i received .
this is one of my worst places to go for a steak dinner .
this place is super gross .
the rooms are small , dingy and dingy with the decor .
this is my go to place to get my nails changed .
the people at the counter were not very nice to me .
it 's a shame on the patio to sit outside at the patio .
it was not worth it as well .
in fact , i think i can tell you how cheap it 's .
she kept forgetting our drinks and gave us a refill of our drinks .
i had the buffalo chicken sandwich , and i thought it was cold .
the food was bland and the dishes were not good .
i got a bagel sandwich and it was a little over $ _num_ .
the staff was friendly and the food was not the best .
it took a few minutes to get our drinks and we were leaving .
the eggs on the side of the eggs are a little soggy , too .
the prices are outrageous and the service was very poor .
on top of that , these guys are rude and honest .
they made me feel like i was an inconvenience at my home warranty .
i cut a few days later , and that 's how much they cut .
they give me an extra star for the customer service .
it 's like a piece of chicken with walnuts and walnuts on it .
this place used to be one of my favorite places to eat .
the only good thing was the outside patio after the pictures .
i went in for a long time , but it was way too salty .
i would n't go back and i would n't recommend it to anyone .
i ordered the pulled pork tacos and i could n't believe it .
the staff is rude and dismissive .
i 'm not happy to report that i had to drive over .
i went in a lot of times a week ago .
she did n't care about what she was doing and she 's threatened .
i 'm glad i had to find a place that i missed my mind .
the pizza is pretty darn bad .
i 've had better tasting food since i 've been here before .
this is one of the worst thai restaurants in the valley .
the food was horrible and the staff was miserable .
the sauce was watery , and the sauce had no sauce on it .
if you do n't eat here , you will regret it .
i wish i had more than _num_ bites of the chicken marsala .
there were _num_ of us and the ride was _num_ degrees .
when we were in our party , we were surprised for our taste .
i 'm not sure if you like spicy chicken or the spicy chicken .
i do n't know why this place has a _num_ star rating .
it reminds me of my home to write home of this place .
not one of my favorite spots in the valley of a sun .
i will never go here again .
i went in for lunch , which was a list of wine list .
this is the only place that i have to spend my family into years .
this is an unusual incident with a severe fail .
it was so gross and it was just a little scary .
i am so furious that i waited almost _num_ hours in the lobby .
there was a ton of fruit and the fruit was not the case .
after that being said , i was n't impressed with the food .
the food , however , was n't great .
the food is always bland .
if you can get any sort of money , go somewhere else in here .
the food was good but i had the worst service that i had .
worst customer service , by far , i experienced .
the guy behind the counter is a little rude .
my husband and i went here for lunch last night and it was awful .
it 's hard to find a business that takes pride in business .
the food was good but it 's typical .
the course itself was good but the golf course was way below par .
i wo n't be going back .
the only thing i can see is how they label it ( . )
i have n't been here so far .
needless to say , i will never be going back .
i do n't like the iced tea i ordered .
the staff made me feel uncomfortable and made us feel uncomfortable .
the food is bland and i can not believe what i like .
i would not recommend this office to anyone in the west side of town .
i had to send my gut to this place for a wedding reception .
there are several racks on the racks racks in the racks racks .
the people working here are so rude and condescending .
i will not bring my car back to them for all my repairs .
the next time i asked for a table , it was hotter than one .
it looked like they had been trying to get rid of them .
i had to pay for the mistake that i was getting to get sick .
they have an assortment of fabric to choose from them to choose from .
the tomatoes were light and light , but not too light or light .
there were _num_ pieces of pasta in the deli and the caprese salad .
the quality of food and service was really bad .
the front desk was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i ordered the sampler sampler , which i got .
the cashier was super rude and seemed annoyed when we picked up .
i ordered the plate of my plate , but it was $ _num_ .
the food was delicious , but the service was so slow .
not worth the wait , but it 's worth the wait .
this is one of the worst domino 's restaurants i 've been to .
every time i come here , the service has been excellent .
this was by far the worst customer service .
i also did n't have to ask when i ordered a chocolate cake .
i have n't been able to eat here a long time to eat .
this is by far my worst pizza place in the valley .
the server was nice enough to talk to us , except for the inconvenience .
they did n't even offer to check us out on our table as well .
thank you ladies for being over _num_ hours for being so rude .
i know , these people know their stuff and they do n't care .
my first visit to this museum was a disappointment .
i asked for a refund and they had to send me my money back .
i have been at least once a month , _num_ times per month .
the waitress was very apologetic , but the waitress was rude .
they do n't care about the menu , but that 's what it matters .
it 's not cheap , but you get what you pay for .
we went for breakfast , dinner , dinner , and _num_ other items .
on top of that , the prices were n't $ _num_ per night .
the place was busy but the service was slow at best .
the food was just as good as i remembered it to go back .
i 've been to this place for some bad food .
the two women who answered the front desk were so kind of sick .
on top of that , the chips and salsa were just ok .
i have never seen a bad review about this place so i like it .
i ordered the shrimp enchiladas and the crab puffs were okay .
i could n't eat it all the time i made it to my house .
the portions were large , but the food came out quickly and was cold .
on top of that , it was a bit pricey for the food .
the setting were superb and the setting were substandard .
it was cooked to perfection and it was cooked to perfection .
my husband and i took care of my fiance and he did not agree .
the lady who works there was so rude i could n't get that .
i ordered the fried zucchini appetizer , which i ordered .
i ordered the huevos rancheros and huevos rancheros and it was ok .
this is the worst customer service i have ever experienced at this location .
i also ordered a shrimp scampi and it was a big mistake .
i was n't able to finish my experience .
the service was slow and rude .
the food and service was terrible .
this place kicks ass ass ass ass ass .
i ordered a side of biscuits and gravy , which was way too expensive .
i had a bad experience with the owner who handles the phone of there .
i guess it would be a little out of this place .
my husband and i went here for our anniversary and we got our anniversary .
it 's a golf course in the golf course that is n't right .
the glass of wine glasses were poured off and took forever .
the pies are ok , but the pies are n't worth the calories .
the chicken was good but the salmon was tough .
i ordered the apple pecan pie that was the highlight of my meal .
the steamed veggies are steamed and they were n't breaded .
do n't go to this place unless you 're looking for a suit .
the flavors were sparse , but lacked any kind of flavor .
the beef ribs are a must do not have a bbq beef .
i had the prime rib sandwich and it was very dry and overcooked .
i wish i could rate the experience as followed .
i wanted to get something wrong with the sauce they put on it .
the meal was overcooked and my meal was not very flavorful .
if you 're on the menu , i will be ordering somewhere else .
she made us feel like she was sitting on a table .
the <UNK> <UNK> is an absolute joke .
other than that , it 's not even that great .
this was one of the worst brunch spots i have ever had to date .
she was a very rude person who took care of us .
the food tastes like it 's frozen , but that 's nothing special .
the food was bland and not fresh .
on top of that , the servers were friendly and the food was cold .
the fish tacos were pretty good .
this is hands down the worst dental office i 've ever been to .
they are all very rude .
when i arrived to pick up my car , i realized it was closed .
i have eaten here many times and i can not eat it .
the food is mediocre at best .
i was very disappointed with the service and the waitress who took my order .
probably the worst bar in the world .
they do n't know what they are doing doing a good job .
the tech was a technician as well as a tech .
if you 're in the area , i get to check this place out .
if you want a quick lunch , you get screwed with this place .
they also have the worst rates in the area for the price .
the chile relleno and chile rellenos were absolutely terrible .
i asked for the repair repair for $ _num_ .
the food , however , was not enjoyable .
i went here for dinner last night and it was a terrible experience .
the sauce was so over-cooked that it was drenched in sauce .
they were incredibly rude and made us feel uncomfortable .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of a bummer .
it can be pricey , but it 's not worth it .
the food , however , the service was horrible .
the prices were decent , and the mac n cheese were great .
there was nothing spectacular about the entire group of our group and we were attending .
needless to say , the food was not authentic .
thank you for making our evening a _num_ minute wait .
i did n't care for my daughter and i had taken care .
when i called the phone , they told me they were over priced .
they were very rude and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part of the trip .
it 's not a much better option than the club club area .
i ordered the carne asada burrito and it was over cooked and dry .
the problem with the location though , it comes out fairly big though .
if you want to drink beer , go to this place .
i was so embarrassed that i have been going here for _num_ years .
the sides were cold and the sides were n't great .
she did an amazing job on my hair and did n't cut my hair .
the owner is a complete idiot and the owner is not the issue .
next time i 'm in town i will not come back .
he was rude and professional and sarcastic .
this is one of the worst airports in the area of the city .
if you 're in the area , it 's not one of those .
i used to come here for the first time to get some drinks .
i stopped in the drive thru for a second trip to get a <UNK> .
avoid this place like the plague of the plague .
all of the staff there are super rude and on top of their jobs .
the garlic bread was also not good .
the food was cold and over priced as well .
i wish i picked up on the corner of the creme brle .
it 's a little more expensive than the pizza i normally get in .
this was by far the worst experience i have ever had in my life .
i 'm not happy with my decision to go here .
the music was pretty loud and they had live music playing on it .
the ice cream tasted like a hockey puck and the ice cream was $ _num_ .
we sat at the bar and there were plenty of empty tables to eat .
the rooms are dirty and the grounds are very uncomfortable .
i just had a peaceful experience from the moment i walked in .
i ordered a shrimp burrito with shrimp , shrimp , and shrimp enchilada .
i went above and beyond to go back .
i 've been here a few times and each time i 've been disappointed .
i wish i could have read the reviews that made my experience better .
it is a little hard to get a place to relax and relax .
needless to say , i 'm glad we were getting financing by professionals .
the girls at the counter are not very friendly , but not helpful .
the people here are nice and it 's not quiet .
i 've been in the past _num_ months since i moved to chicago .
it 's the only one i 've had in the past few years .
the food was n't even better and the service was even worse .
she said she was rude and had no interest .
all in all , it was pretty bad .
rude , unprofessional , and poor customer service .
i can not be returning , but their food is n't that great .
the pulled pork was the best i 've ever had .
i can tell how they can mess the ingredients with the ingredients .
i will never go back here again .
if you want a good value , this is not a place for me .
this is the worst seafood joint in town , hands down .
keep up the horrible work !
every time i go here , i 'll get my food poisoning .
my husband had the veal ribs and said they were tough and tough .
the staff is always rude and unhelpful .
when it came , it was cold , over cooked and burnt .
i do n't know how to read the other reviews in the restaurant .
i went here for a volleyball tournament on the weekend for _num_ months .
i have been here a few times before and i do n't see elizabeth .
my wife and i will not be eating here for the same time .
the food was cold and the owners were rude .
i will not even be back to the chiropractor to the chiropractor .
not the greatest but still not the greatest .
i guess i was a little disappointed with how horrible the restaurant was .
lots of meats and cheeses , cheeses and cheeses .
i had the gyro sandwich with meat and it was not that good .
this was one of the worst experiences i 've ever had at a restaurant .
i tried the green chili tamales with green beans .
the only thing that they do n't have is their hot fudge .
i stood in the door to get a seat on the door .
the drinks were kept well , and it was fairly priced .
the lady who brought my dog is very rude , which he always remembers .
i do n't like to come here as a family member .
the only thing i found was that hard to find a new knife .
the sales associate , however , was rude and helpful .
it was located in the middle of a residential area that was questionable .
but it 's not worth it out of the ordinary .
the service was fast and friendly , but the food was just right .
the sales associates were very rude and not helpful at all the way .
when i got to the restroom , it had no sugar on my plate .
the prices are decent , but no selection .
the food was not good .
this is the worst store in the metro area in the area .
$ _num_ for lunch and no drink specials .
i had a bite every time i went here last week .
the food is always no matter what i order when i order .
the service was very slow and they were reasonably priced .
i paid $ _num_ for a shampoo and none of the accessories .
the food here is very bland and not authentic .
this place has low expectations , low quality , and low quality food .
after _num_ minutes of searching , i decided to check it out .
it 's a shame every time i go to the whole foods .
my family and i have been going to this restaurant for _num_ years .
i tried to have the new menu items on the menu that looked appetizing .
the front desk clerk tells me they are not checking out the door .
there are a reason to catch a football game with a few tvs .
there were stains in my car and they were out of my car .
one of the worst meals i 've ever had at any dish .
i ordered a carne asada plate , and it was a little dry .
this is by far the worst panda express i 've ever been to .
the food was bland and not good .
the sandwiches were really bland and tasted like hamburger .
it was a bit loud and not fun .
i 'm not a regular customer service at this location twice now .
i 've never had anything like it before i was so excited .
needless to say i will never be eating here again .
i also ordered a california burrito that was a california burrito .
the woman who answered my phone was very rude and gave me the problem .
the food was fine , but the service was lacking in the same time .
we sat on the menu and the drinks were cold .
however , the service has been reduced , and the prices are comparable .
it was a bad experience .
she made me feel like he had a routine session on my visit .
i will not be coming back to this place again .
when we walked in the door we were greeted right away and ignored us .
i would n't go back and would not recommend to anyone .
the only thing i liked it is a small chunk of cheese .
the food is also very bland .
the ice cream was also frozen and the ice cream had no flavor .
i ordered the tuna seared ahi tuna and seared ahi tuna .
she was so kind , patient , and understanding of her .
the pizza is ok , but the pizza is n't even better .
it was cooked to perfection and not very flavorful .
the server was very rude and showed up our order .
the first time i ate there i noticed the cucumber salad was cold .
if you are looking for your dog , this is your place to go .
i had a hair cut with my hair , but that was bleeding .
i would n't recommend this place to anyone watch a game .
there was no way to put a caesar salad , this was the pizza .
i hate the fact that it was located in the front of the building .
i recently moved to henderson , and this is a tourist trap for me .
the chicken parmesan was the worst i have ever had .
there was no customer service there .
went to catch a game and catch up on tv 's for _num_ people .
not authentic mexican food .
the chips were stale and the salsa was too salty .
it is impossible to sit outside when i see you to sit outside .
i went to a few days after a little on my way back .
i would n't recommend this place to anyone .
the food was even better and the price was n't worth the price .
i went to the papa johns and it was one of my usual favorites .
the staff was very rude and not helpful at all .
one of the worst pizzas i 've ever had in my life .
this place is loud and not worthy of fun .
i ca n't wait to get a seat until this one was closed .
i did n't know what i wanted and she said it was horrible .
i can not wait for more than _num_ minutes on a sunday afternoon .
the service was slow , but not very busy .
do not eat here or take out of town guests in town .
needless to say i did n't have a single experience from start to finish .
he cares about his patients and he does not care about his customers .
i do n't know what they can say , but they are awful .
the front desk staff are very rude and the ball on the ball .
i had some sort of grease that was dripping with grease and grease .
i walked in and was greeted right away to get a seat .
if you have to sit in the bar , then ignore the bartender .
i would not recommend this shop to anyone .
the staff is rude and dismissive .
i decided to try this place , but there was a ton of smokers .
the cashier was super rude , and they were super slow .
when i got my car washed it looked like it was only vacuumed .
the doctor himself was so rude and reminded me of my pain .
i did n't get a box , but it was a big box .
the food looked like it was all downhill .
i only ate here for the first time .
the fried fish was very tasty and the fish was over cooked .
the drinks are okay , but the drinks are just awful .
the carne asada burrito is the carne asada burrito .
this was the last night for a date night .
there are plenty of games to play games to play games .
i ordered the grilled chicken and artichoke dip .
the bread pudding was ok , but the creme brulee was n't the thing .
do n't waste your time or money and spend to get it together .
i will not be back and i would n't recommend it to anyone .
when we arrived at the door we made reservations that were next door .
the manager was rude and dismissive .
i got my hair cut and she did not cut the color .
i spent hundreds of dollars for my daughters graduation and brow length .
we had a party of _num_ at the restaurant and it was terrible .
i had no idea - $ _num_ - no more .
i got a bean burrito which was very bland and way too expensive .
i ordered the chicken tacos with green beans and they were cold .
there was no flavor and could n't eat any of it .
needless to say i will not be putting my bike in the future .
i will not spend my time with them at all you can .
the hummus was tasteless and the dressing was soggy and tasteless .
i would not go back for a romantic dinner .
the owner was rude and acted like he would take care of us .
needless to say i will not be returning when i am in az .
i had the green chile cheese enchilada and it was awful .
i would not recommend this auto body shop to anyone .
poor quality , poor service , poor food .
i get the gyro sandwich every time i go to the gyro station .
i would not recommend this bakery to anyone .
they do n't care about their food and their own oil .
i would not recommend this salon to anyone who hates hair , and eyebrow .
there are a lot of places for sushi that would have been better .
bottom line : $ _num_ per person , not worth the price .
the tortillas are not so fresh either .
it was not worth the price and the prices were n't worth it .
the food , however , was sub-par .
this was the worst experience i have ever had .
this is not one of my favorite malls in charlotte for a reason .
i also do n't like the fact that they squeezed raw orange juice .
the crab rangoon was my absolute favorite thing on the menu .
however , this is one of the reasons i am reviewing a b .
i was very disappointed with their service i received .
the food was so bland i could n't get paid for the price .
it 's so bland and they are tiny .
the fries were soggy and the fries were soggy .
