i 've gotten better hands down and it 's just gotten better .
this venue is definitely one of the nicest venue in the madison area .
the salsa tasted watered down .
i will be back for a few minutes and she was great .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this place is .
we finished the bill and it took our bill .
the food is n't very good , but it is n't great either .
i 'm so glad that i bought my gift gift certificate !
i do n't know what i love , but the instructors are outstanding .
love it too !
we sat down and got some really good service and friendly people .
they also include a miso soup and a salad for dessert .
i 'm so glad i came out of how great it was .
we did enjoy the meal and we sat at the table for dinner .
the store is clean and the front desk is one of the nicest people .
the salsa is really good , but their chips and salsa are awesome .
the food was very good and the wine selection was even better .
the customer service is great especially with how friendly they are .
the veggies were cooked perfectly and the meat was cooked to perfection .
the bleu cheese dressing is the best by any means .
i ordered the pad thai with pad thai and tasted really good .
`` yes , `` yes '' .
the store is very clean and needs to change new management .
the bread was fresh and the meat was tender .
when i walked in the door , i was greeted with a smile .
everyone there was very nice .
the ribs were great , and the meat was cooked perfectly .
there is an excellent option with no discounts available .
the decor was seriously good .
i will return to this location , and we will definitely return .
the sales people here are great .
the hot or sour is good .
i will definitely be back for the extra gift card .
i just received a delivery order from them and received my order .
this is a great place to let me know i just started going back .
the staff was friendly and knowledgable about what he could get in the car .
the beans were very tasty and the rice was the best in town .
i am proud to take advantage of their advantage of me here .
my daughter and i love this restaurant with both of our guests .
they have always been friendly and helpful in their customer service department !
the customer service is great and they really need to help their jobs .
i went back to the beer and enjoyed the food .
the chicken was very tasty and the sauce was `` tasty '' .
this place reminds me to the phoenix location ... i love it .
they have a great selection of sushi in scottsdale .
i asked for a sweet tea and a good hot sauce .
i was very impressed after the night after night .
overall , i left feeling very satisfied and satisfied .
i just left this car wash and was very satisfied with my car !
we ordered the `` italian '' meal , and we 'll definitely be back .
the food is great , the service is the best i 've ever had .
i was looking forward to my wedding dress here for a wedding reception .
you can tell he loves it to me .
i will continue to support this practice !
i was happy that we were asking for the price they did .
the only saving grace was the beans are delicious .
what a great time !
the food is pretty good , the food is delicious .
the guy behind the counter was very nice and knew everything about their product .
i 'm really impressed by this place .
the only plus for the two is the new windows .
this is my favorite place to shop , & they are reasonably priced .
the food was pretty good , i would go there again .
i will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
i enjoyed the appetite where i took my appetite .
if you want to go here this is for you .
the best part is that it may be in stock .
the owner is a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
great coffee shop next door for being open by the front door .
the crab puffs were really good and the dish was even better .
they also put some pieces of chicken in the side of the box .
i love the time i 'm here .
there are better choices around and around for happy hour !
the food is good and the prices are not that great either .
the staff is very nice even if you walk by .
this was my favorite indian restaurant in charlotte .
great sauce with real sauce .
i will continue to play golf course with a group of course as well .
i was very impressed with what we arrived .
they offer a free dessert and offer a good amount of dessert .
i was so impressed that i ate the rest of the day .
the salads are great , nothing special .
it was a nice evening .
she did a perfect job .
the service was quick and friendly , and it seems to be busy .
very impressed with his work .
the bread was fresh and tasty .
the hot fudge was way too sweet .
i love this place and will be back when i walk out .
thank you though !
i love the food here ... the service is great .
the mattress itself is so good .
needless to say , i will definitely be back for authentic mexican food .
i will definitely be ordering again .
in my opinion , this is what it 's for me on site .
they did a great job or anything .
the prices are just as good .
i was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this place .
i like the black oil and it 's amazing .
you have been warned , it 's really good .
the tomato soup is the best .
the building itself is beautiful .
i 've tried the blueberry pancakes as well .
best experience i 've ever had at a restaurant !
overall , i 'm a fan at this club .
if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
i 'm really pissed off , and i 'm really satisfied .
great call , no call , nothing special .
i wish i could give more than one star .
the wonton soup was super tasty .
if i could give it less stars , i would .
i would recommend it to everyone and everyone .
this is a place where i love this place .
the flour tortillas are one of the best i 'm in .
it 's always clean and the restaurant is very clean .
i mean , i love this place , even when i lived in .
this is the best <UNK> <UNK> i have been to , for years .
i got my color quickly , and he was pretty nice and chatty .
he was great with my dogs , and no need to help me .
the service at this location was great .
i will definitely go back and recommend to my friends .
i had the tuna melt that was so fresh and kind of taste .
i 'm a big foodie in charlotte and i found this place .
it was a nice little place to begin with .
they did an excellent cup of coffee with a cup of hot water .
the food is very good and reasonably priced for what you get .
i have been here multiple times and they always remember what 's wrong .
i went to the rear tire and get a great deal .
i love this place so much as a ny style deli .
i called back to a message , and they always leave me happy .
this is the best mexican food you can buy in the city .
i tried to come back to get a real deal but i love it .
the security guard and security hit us with a smile on our door .
i wanted to like this place but it was a big treat .
the service is great and you can tell you what we are receiving .
the way over priced is the best way .
they make a great name for a new regular car wash .
overall , i was very impressed when i was there .
it 's like a home cooked home of a patty .
i 'm sure i will be going back more often .
this is one of the best market restaurants in the market .
the new management team is awesome !
they 're great if you 're n't ordering anything .
the food is very good and they have a variety of deli .
the evening started out pretty fast .
oh yeah , i 'm pretty happy with the `` theme '' .
the bed was awesome !
i 'm always happy for an answer .
if you have a choice , i highly recommend .
it 's a beautiful mix of people watching the booth in the evenings .
this place is just ok .
needless to say i was very impressed .
this is the reason i will go back for sure .
the pizza is delicious , along with the menu on the menu .
the manager was super friendly and showed up the phone !
the whole team at this location is fantastic to me .
great way , way way better .
the customer service and bartenders are always friendly .
she worked on her face , and she did it up with me .
the fried chicken was a huge mix of rice and it was cooked perfectly .
if you are in the area , this is a great little stadium .
they know how to start the computer and does the work .
this is a local business and a good recommendation for my business .
i asked if i was joking , she was so sweet .
the food was good , and the service was very good as well .
i had the ribs ( frozen ) , and still delicious .
friendly , efficient , no biggie .
the outdoor seating area is great for the small area .
i also got a non-smoking room that reeked of smoke !
the food is great , the service is even better with the wine standards .
i 'll bring my business here .
thank you for hiring my guitar device ( he 's great ) .
this is my new favorite italian restaurant .
went there on a saturday night because it was a nice time .
the sauce had way too much sauce in it 's perfect sauce .
the texture of the meat tasted fresh and tasted just right .
i will definitely visit this salon again .
this is one star because you have to provide a good rating .
i would definitely go back there again .
he was by far the best person i 've encountered .
the food is good and the service of the employees are friendly and helpful .
i had the food , it was great .
i love the owner , she is great to talk about .
i 'm a huge fan of sushi and this is the quintessential priced area .
i ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i love the bento box .
i ordered the fettuccine alfredo with garlic sauce and garlic bread .
the cook that cook your cook are cook to perfection !
the sandwich was a good sandwich .
she did a nice job on her face .
we were able to go back ... he did an amazing job .
i really like it , i believe it .
the food is also quite good for my taste .
i have enjoyed the menu as well as the food menu .
i ordered the quiche , which was rich , but very good .
i love that this restaurant has a passion class .
they also do an amazing job of repairing things to come .
i 've been to this restaurant many times a long time .
the portion size was good for the size of the size and bacon .
when i arrived at the front desk , the one was wonderful .
we got our _num_ minutes and we got it up and left .
the ice cream was very good , and the mill of the mill .
i have been to scott 's for years and their food is always good .
my husband and i love it as well as they delivered .
the restaurant is clean and the service is just average .
this is one of my favorite places that i have .
all i can say is wow .
they also have a local fountain machine machine on tap .
the egg rolls are crunchy and my feet are like heaven .
great place to go , and try cheesecake .
i love this place , because of being there in awhile .
i 've eaten here many times , as well as the food is good .
it 's always worth the wait if you are in the way too long .
i was so impressed with their work , they were done .
it was one of my favorites , and the eggs benedict was delicious .
i really enjoy this place , so i do n't enjoy the atmosphere .
the employees were very friendly , and the manager did n't seem any bit .
this is a decent deal when you get in their parking lot .
great option for an option .
i love the staff , they run the place for me .
i was blown away today with the awesome reviews at this place .
i have always had good experiences here , though .
this is the best place in the valley .
the inventory was also very competitive !
the fried chicken was very good and the mac and cheese was great .
you can also ask for a sweet bloody mary .
they 're always something sweet or something special .
this place has the best time for me .
the people who work here are a good sign .
worth the trip .
i also ordered one of my favorite entree too .
the restroom was a nice touch .
it 's my experience that i have ever been !
the beef taco special was really good , nothing special .
i love the way i would choose from a gas station .
great place to sit down and order my order for lunch .
the park is also very clean .
i tried to call them with their response .
they are honest , reliable , and charged me for work done .
the interior looks old and outdated .
they did a great job on my phone .
do yourself a favor and stay at this hotel a lot .
the food is delicious and it would have been more hot than hot .
the food here is pretty good and fresh .
this is one of the best on the ball .
the best thing i have had in the valley , with extra sauce .
the warranty is an excellent job with a nice warranty .
i have to say , this is a very good time to visit .
other than that , it 's a great way to run employees .
i 'll definitely be going back to this salon for a nail salon .
i can tell you to shop here !
the french toast was good , but the eggs and toast were delicious .
the food is average , but the service is above average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
this place is what makes you want to eat .
i sent it back and we 'll be back .
the equipment is old and the equipment is so clean .
i 'm definitely willing to take the chance to help .
this place has some really cool acts for acts like urine .
they deliver over deliver and they deliver .
i dont know what i love about it- so good .
i love that about this place .
it 's worth every penny on occasion .
the knowledge of the staff at this location is wonderful .
this is one of the best hotels i 've had in the entire area .
i had the chow mein and chow mein was very good .
this place is pretty close to the strip mall though .
great job and i do n't care !
one of my favorite places i will get in my life .
my favorite pair of shoes and black shoes are my new favs .
i love this place and stay away from this place .
great service , long waits between courses , long waits , good food .
first time , so good .
the bread was delicious and the bread was soft and soft .
they did a great job every time to come in for us .
these guys are the best .
the front desk lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i would recommend this place , and i was not impressed .
the sweet sauce was sweet too .
the cheese crisp was crisp , crisp , and the cheese crisp was crisp .
i checked online on site site , and it was fantastic as advertised .
also , the pants are gorgeous and on a monday .
there are plenty of signs , and you just have to share yourself .
i have found a great chinese restaurant in the area .
great food and great service .
the new building is very clean and old .
the pizza is always fresh and there 's plenty of flavor .
the mechanics are very honest as well .
this place is a shit hole .
this place is a shit hole with amazing food .
i 'd like it to be out , but i liked it .
i came in for lunch , and got it done .
the food was just as good .
i would recommend this starbucks to anyone .
the only thing i liked was the free dessert was a good dessert .
the staff does seem to care .
i had a great experience here , and i will definitely be back .
the brown rice is really good .
they even get a smile .
i love the store manager , so i talked to the manager .
my wife and i came in for our anniversary and was very impressed .
i also ordered a side of salad with a side of lettuce .
i have been here many times , and it 's just so good .
they did a great job and i 'm a regular guest for water .
i know they know they are great to take care of them .
i love their food and their offerings are very diverse as well .
they did a fantastic job .
i will definitely be coming back .
also , she actually did a good job .
this place is awesome , do not order from here .
thank you so much , <UNK> , <UNK> , and <UNK> .
the water tasted great and the water tasted amazing .
the food is as good as other as the other locations .
it 's really good .
it was hot and fresh in there .
the portions are large , but the portion size is really good .
the fried rice was very tasty and hard .
i have never had such an awesome customer service with a smile .
the prices are competitive and the prices are competitive .
the rest of the other customers at the counter was really good too .
i 'm not holding my breath , but i 'll breath it out .
they do anything about it and does an amazing job .
there are some of the best things around in the valley .
the bagels are always fresh when i ask for a different bagel .
i 'm so glad i won my noodles !
the quality of the food is pretty good .
the customer service is the best in the industry industry that should be fired .
the food was good and the service could not be beat for the price .
we sat down to the bar and had a great experience with our order .
the food was good , and the pizza was quite tasty .
they have a really good late night .
this place is run down and the service is great !
the only thing that we got was good was the coffee .
i went in the trash , loved it .
i ca n't believe how good the restaurant was , it was truly wonderful .
i bought my tires online for two weeks , and i found an appointment .
they do a great job with my bed , bed , and bed .
the food is decent , but the beer selection is less than desirable .
when it came out , it was delicious .
thank you so much dr. fife and you will be hooked !
the food is n't bad but the service is great too .
the salt , pepper , salt , and other flavor .
thanks for the great service and the food .
i called the manager , and he just helped me out .
i was very impressed with this place .
they are my `` go '' '' .
the tour guides are experts , and the tour is fabulous .
i love finding a source to find some non-chain gems for vegetarians .
the staff is just right away and walks away .
i also ordered the prime rib , which was tender and tasty .
the staff was very friendly to be found .
i had the wood fired steak and it tasted great .
they do n't have any other types of food at all as well .
i took care of my car to the back and he was great .
thank you for your patience & your patience .
one of my favorites and a great time of time .
i asked for my dog 's birthday dog , and it was amazing .
i 'm looking for my camera , but i love it .
our server was great .
best customer service i have ever had .
this is what a great place to shop .
love this place , i will be back for sure .
this location is getting better and keeps getting worse .
it 's an excellent place to stop in the middle of the evening .
thank you for the low quality factor .
i did n't eat it .
this was the first time i 've had a haircut from here .
our server was friendly and attentive to our needs .
my husband and i walked in with friends , and i loved it .
i know this was a good example of a chain .
i 'm sure it is a good day but they get it right next .
my daughter 's graduation brunch was the perfect venue to celebrate our birthday .
i also love that they messed up the order of the spice .
it is a waste of time and energy , energy and energy .
i 'd also give them a good deal if i needed some help .
i came back to pick up my order , and he was the best .
the thing that works here is a good thing .
the manager is a great person who is the manager .
it was so good that i just wanted out of there so much .
i would recommend it to anyone , and they did a great job .
the bartender was awesome , the bartender was a sweetheart .
love this place from stay away .
they have a great selection of things that i have traveled in .
well , who cares about it .
will definitely spend our money elsewhere .
i will definitely order from them again when in madison .
i 'm falling apart for the pieces of meat and i love it .
they did a wonderful job with anything that day .
great service , horrible food !
the crust is so good and it is like any other pizza places .
the miso soup reminds me of my favorite piece of soup .
i 'm a big fan of chain restaurants in this chain .
the rice was very tasty and the rice was hard and chewy .
they can tell you on such a positive appearance .
the pizza is probably the best thing in the area .
i ordered the spicy basil salad and spicy basil dishes .
the service is friendly and their food is zesty .
i would recommend anyone to anyone living here .
i always get a great time to go in .
the staff are very friendly and the food is very good !
this was my first weekend visiting this weekend .
the moo goo gai pan pan dish is the best in the carolinas .
the food here is good if you are in the area .
the prime rib was perfectly cooked and tender .
my family and i love this company for all of our trips .
i will definitely be going to this location from now on other locations .
i love the atmosphere , it 's definitely the restaurant to go to .
love this place , everyone is so nice from me !
the irish pub is an irish pub , which makes its pretty good .
my son has been having a wonderful meal here as well .
this is an excellent place for a fee and a credit card fee .
the corned beef was delicious and the broccoli was to die to !
i do n't know what i think , but it was really good .
the food is authentic and authentic .
they keep walking distance , just walking distance .
however , it is the best .
this place has gone over the years for years .
these guys are so good .
i feel like i moved to the arcadia chain with my family .
this panda express is the best panda express in the valley !
i recommend the open door at all .
they did a very good job and did a very good job .
the air conditioner is very clean and the air conditioned in the hallway .
our server was extremely friendly and completely placed our order with our order .
i just moved to the work of their work to prove .
the food is way overpriced compared to what they serve !
this is a college college college .
the burger was amazing and the horchata was light and yummy .
all in all , i will definitely be returning to this place again .
the chicken nuggets were good , crispy , and tasted like falafel .
the people working there were very nice and helpful .
i love this place and it was even close to ice cream .
we both had spaghetti and sausage -- both delicious .
the pupusas are all over the floor and the floor is mouth watering .
definitely recommend if possible at all possible .
they do a great job , and it seems to be over priced .
the wait staff was excellent , as well as i asked for the wait .
it 's just what you are looking for .
they have a perfect amount of cheese , onions , onions and cheese .
i drop it off to this location .
went there on a saturday night and the service was fast and friendly .
also , i was pleasantly surprised that the manager was on the road .
the beer selection is good - they have an amazing beer selection .
the food was very fresh and prepared with a ton of flavor .
the beer was nice and cold .
the woman who works in the deli is awesome .
i will continue to go back to both of them !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the waitress was a bit older and a pleasure .
it 's not my favorite , but it 's good .
the sound is n't fancy , yet it 's just perfect .
this place is the best .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place again .
other than that , their prices are higher than most places .
if you are in the mood , please make sure .
this is a new york style mexican cuisine in phoenix .
the woman who helped us out of the restaurant was very friendly .
the bathroom is very clean with the sink and sink in the wall .
we really enjoyed our visit and the people in our areas .
if i could have washed it myself i would have loved it !
we tried a couple of dishes and they were all fantastic .
also , the prices are decent for the quality and quantity .
the enchiladas were ok , but the enchiladas were great .
the problem is nothing but the service is good .
i tried to explain everything i tried .
this is as well as a living store in apache junction .
they do a great job on my nails and toes .
great selection of fabrics on the menu to choose from .
they offer free bread at the counter which is great .
this is one of my favorite places to go for sushi .
the new space was able to fit and put a new battery on it .
the pizza is pretty good !
the person that served their meal served with their meal was exceptional .
i love this place , i 'm sure it is a new favorite .
the service is friendly and they do n't rush attention to their customers .
the special occasion is nothing special .
i got my pedicure with gel manicure .
i got the air conditioning and the girl at the front desk .
overall , this was a pretty enjoyable experience .
i love that they 're located out of nowhere near champaign .
i 've seen several people in the past year , they were amazing !
they were so friendly , and we finished getting everything .
they seem to care about their job .
best place i have ever been to .
very warm or warm at all .
i recommend sitting there for breakfast and everyone else is trying to eat .
i love the dance floor and the dance floor of the dance floor .
the staff is super friendly and the place is really busy .
i think their customer service is always good at this starbucks .
i 'm also the biggest fan of the menu , which i love .
one of the finest ones in the west valley , but not spectacular .
i went at <UNK> <UNK> for the <UNK> <UNK> and enjoyed the <UNK> .
if you are looking to sushi , you are so good .
it was cooked perfectly with my head of over cooked .
he did a great job cutting my hair .
it 's a great place for a few hours in a row .
we are going to have a new trainer , tomorrow , tomorrow .
the price was reasonable , and i picked up the different order .
they use some of the most friendliest parts in the nation .
it 's almost impossible to make you feel like they 're right at home .
i will not be going back to this place for a while .
they were overpriced and pour a pour of drinks .
when i got my husband , he said it was a turkey sandwich .
i signed up with a coupon and they gave me a coupon .
i would give them a try if i could try them .
i would highly recommend chuck e & e jewelers next time .
needless to say we had a horrible experience and will not go back .
not good , and not good .
when i got my hand back , i called back on monday .
she made me feel uncomfortable and i was embarrassed to even feel welcome .
i ordered the steak fajitas and they were underwhelmed with my taste .
it was so bland and it was so gross .
the biscuits were gravy gravy and gravy .
so next time i 'll come back to another _num_ minutes .
they were so kind , rude , and over priced .
i 'm pei wei i know pei wei .
no ice cream , no cheese , no ice cream , not cool .
i 'll see why you get there again .
she was very rude and i spoke with that kind of questions .
i 'm not a fan of sushi rolls for almost $ _num_ .
it has been a positive experience every single time .
i was able to find the keys of my exam in the unit .
this is one of my worst airports in the club towards my opinion .
the dentist was rude and never knowledgeable .
the food is very bland and the portions are generous .
the chicken was dry , chewy , and fat .
the women who work there are _num_ women .
however , the most important thing about this place is the food .
i was so disappointed both times .
i was not impressed with the selection of beer , and that was disappointing .
the menu is simple , bland , and not very tasty .
it was n't as tasty as they were on my lunch .
however , this place is the worst i have ever been to .
this used to be a gift shop for me .
i do n't want to stop around if you 're a regular .
the staff was rude and treats you like the rest of the evening .
this petsmart is so much better than petsmart in front of petsmart .
i know where this place is still a turn down and the service is slow .
i dropped off the website at this location as i 'm dropping off .
this is the worst pizza i have ever had as well as their ranch .
i 'm not sure why i will be back for services and services .
this place used to be pretty much other sushi places .
they did n't even have the job done .
the rest of the room was $ _num_ .
they have a very limited selection of staff and not knowledgeable .
i do n't mind going to this place in mind .
after a few minutes , i decided to grab a place to grab out .
we were very disappointed as well as dinner specials for lunch or dinner .
the store was clean and hard .
i do n't have the special lunch special which is just $ _num_ .
i will not return to this location again .
the soups were almost frozen i have no choice .
they are rude , condescending , and clearly no customer service skills .
the selection of fish and produce is not very reasonably priced .
the food here is bland .
every time i came in , i knew something i wanted something new .
i would not recommend going to this venue if you have a choice .
this place has been _num_ years for sushi and sashimi for sashimi .
in addition , they have a packing machine in the summer .
i will not be returning by all of their knowledge and advise you .
i went for the first time with my boyfriend and had some food poisoning .
i went with a group of _num_ and had no problems at all .
the service has always been horrible .
we made our reservations for an anniversary night to celebrate our anniversary .
the omelet was ok and i had a spanish omelet with bacon .
this is the 3rd time i have gotten chairs and chairs and chairs .
the wait staff is extremely rude and slow .
however , the food is n't the best .
my hair looks like she did n't cut my hair on my hair .
the staff is rude and the food is always consistent .
the atmosphere was a little awkward and the food was barely warm .
the chicken was absolutely the worst i have ever had .
there was also nothing to sit outside at the bar .
there is absolutely no soup to die for .
probably the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are rude , unprofessional and needs to take care of our needs .
this is a $ _num_ lunch special for a special occasion .
i was very disappointed with this experience .
the location is located right in front of the door and _num_ pm .
this is the worst place i have ever been to get away from .
the food was bland and plentiful .
i ordered the fettuccine alfredo alfredo which was absolutely horrible .
i booked this car at least _num_ weeks ago for my truck .
i was excited to see this place because the manager was an old let .
it 's a tad pricey but not worth it .
i also called my message which is an isolated incident .
i went here with my family .
if you 're in the 'burgh , i will not go back .
the chicken was cooked perfectly , and was not seasoned .
i gave me a new haircut and i was completely disappointed .
i 've been in scottsdale for _num_ years and it truly does n't care .
i ordered the spicy crab sauce with brown sauce on the side .
i could have saved a lot of dresses at $ _num_ so much .
it took _num_ minutes to get a drink or a drink .
the chocolate cake was one of the worst chocolate cake i 've ever had .
she was rude and unapologetic at me .
the list of wine list offered to be better than the wine list .
i did n't even go back to the table on the next day .
if you 're looking for a cheap place this is the place for you .
they also do n't have _num_ % of their current design design .
i guess they did n't serve their vegetables as well .
do n't waste your time if you are in the area or a must .
she did n't even apologize and did a great job .
i needed repairs , brakes , and then alignment .
it was not very good to say .
the cons : very rude and unprofessional .
i ordered the hot tea ( at least the phoenician ) .
i tried the red chile burro with my sauce .
the service was terrible and the decoration were dirty .
i was very disappointed with the quality of work and service .
one of my favorite places to go for a steak or steak .
this place is super gross .
the rooms are old and outdated with no volume .
this is my go to place to go .
the people were not helping me to help me at all .
there is a place to sit outside at 2am on the patio .
it was not worth it .
oh yeah , i do n't realize how to describe sushi kee .
the waiter gave us some drinks and gave us our drinks .
the burger was ok , i really had the `` bacon '' burger .
the dishes were bland and the other dishes were good .
i got a bagel sandwich and it was cold when i got it .
the staff was very friendly and the service was awful .
the place was empty and they were out of a late night .
i usually get the eggs , fruit , fruit , fruit , or fruit .
the prices are $ _num_ and is outrageous .
they are dishonest , unreliable , and not honest at all .
i feel like i was home at home and made me feel at home .
i think it 's a color color , which is more than acceptable .
_num_ star customer service for an extra star .
it 's like a bowl of minced onions with no onions .
one of my favorite places to eat chinese food .
it looked too bad after the river of the river .
however , it was a long way too long for a plate .
the service was terrible and i would definitely go back .
i wish i had the pork tacos .
the staff is rude and unprofessional .
i am sorry to report that i would have sent them back .
not a fan of the lot .
she really does n't care about me and my skin is hurting .
i am glad i have to give this place a _num_ star review .
the pizza is pretty darn bad .
worst tasting food i 've ever had in a long time .
this is the most overrated thai restaurant in the valley .
the staff was rude and inattentive .
the chips were thin , and the sauce was not crispy .
if you like it , do n't go here .
my husband loved the chicken ribs more than the chicken .
the ride was ridiculous and the ride were ruined .
when we arrived , we were given two shots for our first time .
if you like spider rolls ( dragon roll ) for the _num_ years .
i guess this place is a chain for a chain .
this place reminds me of home to get home .
one of my favorite spots in north scottsdale .
i will not go here again .
we sat in for lunch , wine list , wine list .
i guess that this is the closest family owned business in the world .
this is an absolute failure .
the place was so cute and just not cute .
i am _num_ % off the hour so i settled with the seating .
the bowl of sugar at the bar is almost too much sugar .
after being said , i said that the food was ok .
the decor , decor , food , nothing .
the food is always bland .
i could n't eat any of them , just save your time and money .
the food was the worst that i 've ever had .
worst customer service , by far .
this guy is a guy who knows a damn mess .
my husband and i ate here yesterday and it was only $ _num_ .
it 's hard to find a mechanic in a business .
it 's not good chinese food .
the course was in average shape due to the layout of the course .
i 'll not be back .
( i do n't know why they have an appetizer ) .
it is so bad i can not eat here .
needless to say , i will never be back .
i guess i didnt like their flavored tea .
she made us feel uncomfortable and did not feel welcome .
the food is bland and i can not imagine what i ordered from .
i would highly recommend to anyone in the north scottsdale area of scottsdale .
my wife had to ring my engagement ring for this crap .
one of the worst deals in the store on clearance racks .
the guys here are so incredibly rude and unprofessional .
i will not bring my vehicles back here for sure .
i asked if i could ask for a single one item i was offered .
i used to eat some donuts and they have no flavor .
it was the only decision i had to come here for my ipad .
they have an awful selection of frames to choose from .
the pancakes were light , greasy , and not too greasy .
one of the worst items in the deli items and salads .
the food quality and service was really bad .
she was extremely rude and extremely unprofessional .
i got the sampler sampler which was flat .
the manager was super rude and arrogant .
the amount of food , my plate was $ _num_ for my plate .
but , again , the food is absolutely not so delicious .
but it is not worth the wait .
this is the most disgusting pizza hut i have had in arizona .
every time i come here , i have no customer service .
the service by the staff was rude .
i also did n't have a sweet tooth when i asked my tooth .
i have to eat here a few times to get my dish .
this is by far my favorite pizza place .
the bartender was super rude and asked us to leave up with the crowd .
the waitress continued to put us on our table as we waited .
thank you for being rude for being rude .
these guys know their stuff , and do n't know their stuff .
what a disappointing visit to visit .
i paid for a few minutes and i want to go to work .
i should have stayed at least once a month and _num_ times .
however , the waitress was very rude .
the menu is simple , but it does n't matter what the menu represents .
if you value good value , do not get here .
i went here for breakfast , breakfast , and dinner - both were terrible .
on top of that , they were n't on the food .
the service was good but the place was busy .
the food was just as good as i ordered to go back .
this place has some bad food for me .
the two women behind the front desk are so kind of follow up .
on top of the food , the chips , salsa , salsa , etc .
i feel like i 'd have to give this place a legitimate name .
the seafood enchiladas were n't the best .
i could n't eat the bread and it made me sick all day .
the portions were good , but the food came out hot and cold .
the food was ok , but it 's a bit on the pricey side .
the setting and setting were $ _num_ .
it was cooked to perfection and cooked to perfection .
i took my wife there and she gave me a panic of <UNK> .
the girl who works there is so rude when i called it .
i ordered the cornbread appetizer which i ordered from the cornbread .
i ordered huevos rancheros and it was the huevos rancheros .
the customer service in this location is terrible !
i also ordered a pan fried shrimp which is not a spider .
the waitress was n't able to match .
the service is slow and slow .
terrible service and terrible food !
this place kicks ass ass ass ass .
i ordered biscuits and gravy for a side of biscuits and gravy .
i went there with a manager and the rest of the team was miserable .
i walked out of this place for a membership .
my husband and i went here for our anniversary last night .
the course is in a golf course that is n't even worth walking distance .
there were _num_ flights in my party which was delish .
the pies are ok , but the cheese pies are horrible .
the salmon was really dry .
the brie brulee was one of my favorite brunch places in the desert .
the steamed veggies are just their steamed veggies .
if you 're looking to be a must , this is a must .
the flavors of flavors were n't very unique , either .
the shredded beef ribs are a must have ruined .
my husband had the carne asada burrito and it was not very flavorful .
i wish i had the lowest experience possible as followed .
when you order the sauce they argued with everything else is wrong .
the meal was bland and very salty .
i wo n't be going back on the menu if you like anything else .
it was a watered down martini to a martini .
my daughter is a <UNK> girl ( $ _num_ ) .
other than that , it 's not that great .
i had to spend my trip to pittsburgh on the recent trip .
she was very rude and could not accommodate a person .
the food is basic , tastes like it 's a typical italian food joint .
it was very bland and flavorless .
on top of that , the servers were friendly and the atmosphere was weird .
the tacos were pretty good .
this is hands down the worst dental office i have ever worked in .
they are all very rude .
when i arrived to pick up my car i realized he looked so badly .
my wife and i eat here often and avoid this place .
the food is just average .
the hostess was very rude and my waitress was nice and apologetic .
probably the worst bar in town .
i do n't know what they are doing a good job .
the tech was not a nail tech .
when we come into this place , we get the hell out .
if you 're looking for something , you 'll get screwed with it .
they also have the worst price in the area in the area .
the chile relleno are just ok .
i paid $ _num_ for the repair .
the food , atmosphere , atmosphere .
i went here last night and it was a horrible night .
the marinara sauce is so bland .
they are so rude and accommodating .
the food was top notch and the service was a bit of a disappointment .
it can be pricey , but it is n't worth it .
they were rude , but the food was n't excellent .
the cheese curds were terrible !
we were having a group of our family there but nothing was an issue .
the food is not persian to persian .
no thank you for a fabulous evening for me .
she did n't care about my daughter .
i called over the phone , and they fixed the phone call promptly .
they were very rude and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
there 's a much better option than the pv club area .
i ordered the carne asada burrito and it was cooked over cooked .
this location gets worse with the location though .
i want to drink a beer place to go .
i am very disappointed that i felt like i was treated for her .
the sides were n't the same .
she did n't cut my hair and did an amazing job on my hair .
the owner is very rude and the owner is a total jerk .
next time i 'm in town i will never come back .
the driver was courteous and professional .
this is one of the worst golf courses in the area .
i 'm gon na get out of this store if it 's free .
i do n't get the slices to eat here for lunch .
this is by far one of the worst hotels in the phoenix area .
i really hate the vibe of this place .
the staff there are all super rude and on top of their jobs .
the bread was also very dry .
they were very slow and over priced .
i saw the black rock on the bottom .
i think it 's better than a chinese sub and some of the better .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
i am not happy with my decision to come here again .
the music was pretty loud and they played videos playing music videos .
there was no ice cream in the ice cream ( it 's vintage ) .
i could sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just walked away from the office to the dealership at a wedding .
i ordered an enchilada , shrimp , shrimp and shrimp .
i went above and beyond to go back .
i 've been here several times and each time i 've been disappointed .
i did n't even realize that my recent visit was due to the monterey .
this place is a dump and does n't seem to get rid of it .
i would recommend to anyone who know where to be in their industry .
the girls at the counter are not very friendly , and really pushy .
the people working there are very rude and do n't care .
i have n't eaten here since i moved home in the az area .
this place has the same king sauce that lasted over three years ago .
the food was n't even better and the service was better .
the staff were rude and never apologized .
all in all pretty bad .
very rude , rude , and honest .
the service can be iffy , but their food ca n't be beat .
one of the worst pork chops i 've ever had .
i can not tell how fresh the ingredients are .
i 'll never go back here again .
this is not a good value , and i do not recommend this place .
this is probably the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the bad work !
every time i go here , i 'll get food poisoning .
my husband had the ribs and pepper ribs were very tender .
the staff is super rude and always unhelpful .
when it finally cooked , it was cooked , hot and gross .
not the best mexican food in all of the world .
i went to this location for a meeting tournament with _num_ people .
i have been here a few times to see what i wanted .
i will not be bringing my food here for the entire family .
the owners were rude and the food was just ok .
i do n't even know where to be in the valley .
it still is still not the greatest .
i mean i was a little disappointed with this restaurant and absolutely no food .
no selection of meats and cheeses .
i ordered the gyro with grilled cheese sauce ... that was not good .
this was one of the worst experiences i 've ever had at any restaurant .
the green corn tamales were green corn .
the only thing they serve is how they are there .
i ca n't wait till _num_ minutes to check in the kitchen .
the drinks were well kept , and the place was dirty .
the employees are rude and unhelpful , which is not my first thing .
i will never come back to this location as a kid .
i also tried to find my apartment which is hard to find .
she was rude , helpful , and sarcastic .
it was a very disappointing experience in the middle of a residential part .
but it 's worth checking out .
the service was slow , and they just took my order wrong .
the employees at the counter are very rude and there are no other customers .
when i got my flip flops , i was missing sugar on the sugar .
the prices are decent , too .
the food was not good .
this is the worst yarn store in the area of the area .
went here for lunch and they were terrible .
my last bite i have enjoyed every bite .
i do n't get what i order , no matter what is wrong .
they were extremely slow and over priced .
they have parts of parts and accessories for sale prices .
the food here is very bland and not authentic .
very low prices , low quality food , and an old school vibe .
i think , it would take out of this place .
it 's a waste of time and i wo n't go back .
i have been going to this school for years and will never be back .
i 've purchased several items on the menu which made my last visit .
they are very rude when you walk out and asked for it .
i went to watch games to watch games and a tv with no tvs .
the clothes are returned in my condition of my clothes .
the veal dishes were some of the worst i 've ever had .
i ordered a plate of fried rice , which was not good .
this is by far the worst pizza i 've ever had as well .
the food and service was bad .
the sandwiches were really dry .
it was loud and a lot of fun .
i 'm not a regular customer customer service at this location .
i 've never had anything like anything but i 've never had it .
needless to say i will never be back again .
i ordered a california burrito burrito which was a burrito .
the woman who answered my phone was very rude and not helped me .
the service was lousy , and the food was not worth the value .
the drinks were on the menu and the food .
i 've been to this location for _num_ , _num_ , and simple .
it was a terrible experience .
he made a comment of making sure he was riding a sarcastic visit .
i will keep coming back to this place .
the staff was extremely rude and completely ignored us when we were seated right away .
i would not go back and would recommend to friends .
the buffalo chicken is really small .
the food is also very bland .
we also had the ice cream with ice cream and they were terrible .
i would n't recommend the ahi tuna roll .
she was kind , understanding , and understanding .
the pizza is decent , but the pizza is n't even better .
it was very bland and not cooked to perfection .
the crew was very rude and accommodating .
i ordered the cucumber salad here and i had the tuna salad .
if you are looking to walk out this is your place to avoid .
she did n't cut my hair with me , which looks like skin .
do n't waste your money to this sports bar .
i think this is a little greasy , but my favorite pizza in chandler .
it 's like hitting the wall in the wall that is n't cool .
i guess i 'll limit this place on a regular basis for queen creek .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
the service there was terrible .
went to catch up a game and catch some people on the tv .
the food was bland chinese food .
the chips and salsa were way too salty .
you can sit outside when you sit outside that is n't .
it took a few days to be dropped off after a movie of mine .
i would not recommend this place to others .
the food was better than the price and it was n't even better .
my friend ordered the veal parmigiana and it was one of the worst parts .
the service was very slow and they could n't help .
i 've had their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is dirty and not much fun .
i did n't see a seat to see how long this place is .
my wife and i absolutely did n't know what she was doing .
it may be crowded on thursday hour but not happy with the crowd .
the service was not very good .
do n't take out of town or eat here .
i had a bad experience from start to finish every time i start .
he is very rude and cares about his customers for his patients .
i do n't know how much he can give you an attitude .
the staff on the ball are very rude and condescending .
i had a glass of grease that were still dripping by grease .
i walked in and got a seat right away and walked away .
when you sit in the bar they have no bartender in the bar .
i would not recommend this shop .
the staff is rude and dismissive .
i try to give this place a try , with lots of coworkers .
they were rude , slow , and they are super rude .
i got my car washed and it looked like it was done .
the doctor is so kind and gentle and ruined my skin .
i had to get a box box , it was n't big enough .
the food was n't great at all .
the menudo is just not worth the wait .
the fish was crispy and the fish was very dry .
the drinks are awful , and the desserts are just awful .
the carne asada burrito is just ok .
this is the last night date night or date night .
not a lot of games to play games .
the grilled artichoke grilled chicken are over cooked .
i ordered the chocolate cake pudding , which is almost too much butter .
do n't waste your time and money and spend your way to relax .
i will not be back and i wo n't be back .
when we arrived at the door , they screwed up our reservation .
the manager was rude and unprofessional .
i cut my hair color and she cut my hair color pale .
i spent hundreds of dollars for two of my daughters .
i was shocked at the restaurant and had a blast for the food .
no cost - no cost - no cost !
i ordered a steak burrito with fries and it was really bland too .
the chicken tacos were ok with no flavor .
i could n't eat any flavor to eat and no flavor .
the next day i 'll add my debit card to the <UNK> .
i will not stay here again with all day .
the hummus was flavorless and the pita was bland .
not a place for a romantic dinner or dinner .
the owner treated us like he was out of his way .
needless to say we will not be back since i 'm in az .
the mac and cheese burrito was green chili cheese .
i would not recommend auto body auto body repair .
poor quality , poor customer service .
i think i could get the bacon sandwich and its the same time .
i would not recommend this bakery .
i do n't like their passion and passion their food .
i would n't recommend this salon , and i 'm not seeing the stylist .
i have been craving a lot of sushi for _num_ years .
bottom line , no line for the price .
the tortillas are not so good .
not worth the price and the prices were n't worth it .
terrible food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one of my favorite courses in scottsdale for a long time .
i also like the fact they squeezed orange juice that tasted like juice juice .
the spider roll is my favorite item on my platter .
i think this is a b of july , especially for delivery .
i was very disappointed with their service .
the food is so bland and i could n't get the price for it .
they are so greasy and soggy .
the salads were soggy and crispy .
